snscrape twitter-user SenDougJones
snscrape twitter-user dougjonesHQ
snscrape twitter-user DougJones
snscrape twitter-user ArnoldforAL
snscrape twitter-user RepByrne
snscrape twitter-user BradleyByrne
snscrape twitter-user jeffsessions
snscrape twitter-user RealJudgeMoore
snscrape twitter-user stanley_adair
snscrape twitter-user TTuberville
snscrape twitter-user drdia
snscrape twitter-user RickCollins08
snscrape twitter-user JAverhart2020
snscrape twitter-user KianiGardner
snscrape twitter-user olenate2020
snscrape twitter-user PhyllisDHHall
snscrape twitter-user VoteNeighbors
snscrape twitter-user RepTerriSewell
snscrape twitter-user Sewell4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepBarryMoore
snscrape twitter-user BillHightowerAL
snscrape twitter-user LewisforAL
snscrape twitter-user PringleforAL01
snscrape twitter-user USRepGaryPalmer
snscrape twitter-user Palmer4Alabama
snscrape twitter-user JeffColemanAL
snscrape twitter-user JefffColeman
snscrape twitter-user CarlForAlabama
snscrape twitter-user JessicaTaylorAL
snscrape twitter-user johncastorani
snscrape twitter-user RepMikeRogersAL
snscrape twitter-user MikeRogersCamp
snscrape twitter-user RepMoBrooks
snscrape twitter-user MoInTheHouse
snscrape twitter-user Robert_Aderholt
snscrape twitter-user BoRo71684016
snscrape twitter-user TerriforAL02
snscrape twitter-user THasdorff
snscrape twitter-user RCVAlabama
snscrape twitter-user JPage4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SenDanSullivan
snscrape twitter-user DanSullivan_AK
snscrape twitter-user DrAlGrossAK
snscrape twitter-user ccc4senate
snscrape twitter-user repdonyoung
snscrape twitter-user DonYoungAK
snscrape twitter-user AlyseGalvin
snscrape twitter-user CaptMarkKelly
snscrape twitter-user Mohamma27433472
snscrape twitter-user DemandDanielAZ
snscrape twitter-user SenMcSallyAZ
snscrape twitter-user MarthaMcSally
snscrape twitter-user anitamalik
snscrape twitter-user RepKirkpatrick
snscrape twitter-user Ann_Kirkpatrick
snscrape twitter-user BobMusselwhite
snscrape twitter-user BobOlsen2020
snscrape twitter-user delina4az
snscrape twitter-user CongressEva
snscrape twitter-user EvaPutzova
snscrape twitter-user RepGregStanton
snscrape twitter-user gregstantonaz
snscrape twitter-user hiral4congress
snscrape twitter-user ramoscd5
snscrape twitter-user joangreeneaz
snscrape twitter-user JonAzDistrict5
snscrape twitter-user KarlGentles
snscrape twitter-user michael_muscato
snscrape twitter-user PQ4AZ
snscrape twitter-user repraulgrijalva
snscrape twitter-user standwithraul
snscrape twitter-user RepRubenGallego
snscrape twitter-user RubenGallego
snscrape twitter-user Rimmer4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SharpeRimmer
snscrape twitter-user StuartStarky
snscrape twitter-user RepOHalleran
snscrape twitter-user TomOHalleran
snscrape twitter-user RepAndyBiggsAZ
snscrape twitter-user andybiggs4az
snscrape twitter-user annemariewardaz
snscrape twitter-user PathForFreedom
snscrape twitter-user DWood4Congress
snscrape twitter-user VoteGiles
snscrape twitter-user RepDavid
snscrape twitter-user DavidSchweikert
snscrape twitter-user RepDLesko
snscrape twitter-user DebbieLesko
snscrape twitter-user BarnettforAZ
snscrape twitter-user Tutora2020
snscrape twitter-user nolanreidhead
snscrape twitter-user ruden4congress
snscrape twitter-user RepGosar
snscrape twitter-user DrPaulGosar
snscrape twitter-user Tiffany_Shedd
snscrape twitter-user CongressAZ04
snscrape twitter-user RobinsonAZCD4
snscrape twitter-user ImanBah
snscrape twitter-user SenTomCotton
snscrape twitter-user TomCottonAR
snscrape twitter-user RickyForSenate
snscrape twitter-user CelesteforAR
snscrape twitter-user xjelliott
snscrape twitter-user WilliamHansonAR
snscrape twitter-user RepWesterman
snscrape twitter-user WestermanAR
snscrape twitter-user bruce_westerman
snscrape twitter-user RepFrenchHill
snscrape twitter-user ElectFrench
snscrape twitter-user RepRickCrawford
snscrape twitter-user Crawford4Cong
snscrape twitter-user rep_stevewomack
snscrape twitter-user womack4congress
snscrape twitter-user KalagiasforUS
snscrape twitter-user ScowForCongress
snscrape twitter-user RepAdamSchiff
snscrape twitter-user AdamSchiff
snscrape twitter-user AgathaBacelar
snscrape twitter-user RepLowenthal
snscrape twitter-user alanlowenthal
snscrape twitter-user RepBera
snscrape twitter-user BeraForCongress
snscrape twitter-user ACampaNajjar
snscrape twitter-user Angelica4CA
snscrape twitter-user AVOrtega3
snscrape twitter-user RepAnnaEshoo
snscrape twitter-user Eshoo4Congress
snscrape twitter-user annettevmeza
snscrape twitter-user AnthonyFelixJr
snscrape twitter-user audrey4congress
snscrape twitter-user austinintal
snscrape twitter-user RepBarbaraLee
snscrape twitter-user BLeeForCongress
snscrape twitter-user BAEforCongress
snscrape twitter-user BobbyBliatout
snscrape twitter-user BradSherman
snscrape twitter-user BrianCarrollSFV
snscrape twitter-user BrynneSpeak
snscrape twitter-user KennedyBrynne
snscrape twitter-user cenkuygur
snscrape twitter-user bubser4congress
snscrape twitter-user ChristyforCA25
snscrape twitter-user CJ4Congress2020
snscrape twitter-user CJBerina
snscrape twitter-user DaryRezvani
snscrape twitter-user davidkim2020
snscrape twitter-user VoteRudnickCA25
snscrape twitter-user DorisMatsui
snscrape twitter-user Matsui4Congress
snscrape twitter-user EmanuelSpeaks
snscrape twitter-user KutnerCongress
snscrape twitter-user erkutner
snscrape twitter-user RepSwalwell
snscrape twitter-user ericswalwell
snscrape twitter-user Esmeralda_Soria
snscrape twitter-user FYMforCongress
snscrape twitter-user FrancesYasmeen
snscrape twitter-user SDGeorgette
snscrape twitter-user VoteGetroElize
snscrape twitter-user RepGilCisneros
snscrape twitter-user GilCisnerosCA
snscrape twitter-user gracenapolitano
snscrape twitter-user RepHarley
snscrape twitter-user HarleyRouda
snscrape twitter-user ivantorresca19
snscrape twitter-user RepSpeier
snscrape twitter-user JackieSpeier
snscrape twitter-user McLeod4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Ellars
snscrape twitter-user jgoldbeck
snscrape twitter-user RepHuffman
snscrape twitter-user JaredHuffman
snscrape twitter-user kishineff
snscrape twitter-user BurdickCA7
snscrape twitter-user RepMcNerney
snscrape twitter-user jerrymcnerney
snscrape twitter-user RepJimCosta
snscrape twitter-user RepJimmyGomez
snscrape twitter-user JimmyGomezCA
snscrape twitter-user RepJimmyPanetta
snscrape twitter-user JimmyPanetta
snscrape twitter-user Vazquez4CA53
snscrape twitter-user 2020JohnBrooks
snscrape twitter-user RepGaramendi
snscrape twitter-user JohnGaramendi
snscrape twitter-user JWTyler4USRep
snscrape twitter-user JoseCaballeroSD
snscrape twitter-user DrJoe4congress
snscrape twitter-user RepJoshHarder
snscrape twitter-user JoshHarder
snscrape twitter-user RepJuanVargas
snscrape twitter-user RepJudyChu
snscrape twitter-user JudyChuCampaign
snscrape twitter-user RepBrownley
snscrape twitter-user JuliaBrownley
snscrape twitter-user RepKarenBass
snscrape twitter-user KarenBassTweets
snscrape twitter-user RepKatiePorter
snscrape twitter-user katieporteroc
snscrape twitter-user Keana4Congress
snscrape twitter-user KimMangone
snscrape twitter-user KimWilliamsCA16
snscrape twitter-user RepLindaSanchez
snscrape twitter-user LindaTSanchez
snscrape twitter-user RepLouCorrea
snscrape twitter-user RepRoybalAllard
snscrape twitter-user Maebe_A_Girl
snscrape twitter-user marisacalderon
snscrape twitter-user RepDeSaulnier
snscrape twitter-user MarkDeSaulnier
snscrape twitter-user RepMarkTakano
snscrape twitter-user MarkTakano
snscrape twitter-user RepMaxineWaters
snscrape twitter-user michaelrguzik
snscrape twitter-user MichaelTolar6
snscrape twitter-user mjbarkl
snscrape twitter-user RepMikeLevin
snscrape twitter-user MikeLevin
snscrape twitter-user RepThompson
snscrape twitter-user Mike_CA05
snscrape twitter-user casady4congress
snscrape twitter-user SpeakerPelosi
snscrape twitter-user TeamPelosi
snscrape twitter-user RepBarragan
snscrape twitter-user Nanette4CA
snscrape twitter-user NormaJTorres
snscrape twitter-user Norma4Congress
snscrape twitter-user PMendiolea
snscrape twitter-user RepPeteAguilar
snscrape twitter-user AguilarCampaign
snscrape twitter-user aguilarpete
snscrape twitter-user Epetermathews
snscrape twitter-user PhilArballo2020
snscrape twitter-user RachelMoniz
snscrape twitter-user RajiRab2020
snscrape twitter-user RepRaulRuizMD
snscrape twitter-user Dr_RaulRuiz
snscrape twitter-user Marston4ca42
snscrape twitter-user Ricky4Congress
snscrape twitter-user rishikumar1
snscrape twitter-user keptycho
snscrape twitter-user RepRoKhanna
snscrape twitter-user RoKhanna
snscrape twitter-user Blevins2020
snscrape twitter-user GenoveseSal
snscrape twitter-user RepCarbajal
snscrape twitter-user carbajalsalud
snscrape twitter-user SaraJacobsCA
snscrape twitter-user RepScottPeters
snscrape twitter-user ScottPetersSD
snscrape twitter-user ShahidForChange
snscrape twitter-user Sheeyahshee
snscrape twitter-user SantoriSuzette
snscrape twitter-user RepTedLieu
snscrape twitter-user tedlieu
snscrape twitter-user RepTjCox
snscrape twitter-user TJCoxCongress
snscrape twitter-user tomcongress2020
snscrape twitter-user TomWongPhD
snscrape twitter-user RepCardenas
snscrape twitter-user Tcardenas
snscrape twitter-user LiamOMaraIV
snscrape twitter-user RepZoeLofgren
snscrape twitter-user ZoeLofgren
snscrape twitter-user agnes_gibboney
snscrape twitter-user AjaforCongress
snscrape twitter-user Alison4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Elled26
snscrape twitter-user amyphanwest
snscrape twitter-user Caldwell_CA24
snscrape twitter-user RealBetyCardens
snscrape twitter-user Earley4Congress
snscrape twitter-user bobelliott2020
snscrape twitter-user burley4congress
snscrape twitter-user SenBrianJones
snscrape twitter-user electbrianjones
snscrape twitter-user brianlmaryott
snscrape twitter-user bperras12
snscrape twitter-user BuzzPatterson
snscrape twitter-user cAntonioDelgado
snscrape twitter-user carldemaio
snscrape twitter-user BishForCongress
snscrape twitter-user ChrisBishRE
snscrape twitter-user stoddard2020
snscrape twitter-user MensingDale
snscrape twitter-user TeamIssa
snscrape twitter-user DarrellIssa
snscrape twitter-user dgvaladao
snscrape twitter-user DeAnna4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepDevinNunes
snscrape twitter-user Team_Nunes
snscrape twitter-user DevinNunes
snscrape twitter-user SedgwickforOC
snscrape twitter-user RepLaMalfa
snscrape twitter-user DougLaMalfa
snscrape twitter-user EricEarly_CA
snscrape twitter-user RealErinCruz
snscrape twitter-user ErrolWebber
snscrape twitter-user GeorgePapa19
snscrape twitter-user GregRaths
snscrape twitter-user iiCruzUSA
snscrape twitter-user JacobCongress
snscrape twitter-user BradleyCongress
snscrape twitter-user watersfor
snscrape twitter-user JamieByers
snscrape twitter-user JayObernolte
snscrape twitter-user TeamObernolte
snscrape twitter-user JeffGormanMRY
snscrape twitter-user GormanCongress
snscrape twitter-user jeremystaat
snscrape twitter-user DeBelloCongress
snscrape twitter-user JWrightforCA34
snscrape twitter-user joannafredjones
snscrape twitter-user joecollins43rd
snscrape twitter-user johnfbriscoe
snscrape twitter-user RealJohnDennis
snscrape twitter-user Johnny_Congress
snscrape twitter-user jonivy
snscrape twitter-user joshuascottca32
snscrape twitter-user HidalgoCongress
snscrape twitter-user Benzel4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JoinJustin19
snscrape twitter-user Cad8J
snscrape twitter-user KenCalvert
snscrape twitter-user TeamCalvert
snscrape twitter-user KenJenks2020
snscrape twitter-user KevCookingham
snscrape twitter-user GOPLeader
snscrape twitter-user kevinomccarthy
snscrape twitter-user LisaSparksCA
snscrape twitter-user MarkReed1776
snscrape twitter-user marlalivengood
snscrape twitter-user mo4ca
snscrape twitter-user MichelleSteelCA
snscrape twitter-user CargileFor
snscrape twitter-user RepMikeGarcia
snscrape twitter-user mikegarcia2020
snscrape twitter-user NikkaGOP
snscrape twitter-user UsaNisha
snscrape twitter-user RealOmarNavarro
snscrape twitter-user huang4congress
snscrape twitter-user PeterLiuCAGov18
snscrape twitter-user petel4congress
snscrape twitter-user RhondaFurin
snscrape twitter-user tandon4congress
snscrape twitter-user Ronda4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Drsarahcongress
snscrape twitter-user sean_4_congress
snscrape twitter-user seanfeucht
snscrape twitter-user SherwoodEHaisty
snscrape twitter-user TeamKnight25
snscrape twitter-user SteveKnight25
snscrape twitter-user TamikaGHamilton
snscrape twitter-user Ted_Howze
snscrape twitter-user PatriotNotPol
snscrape twitter-user RepMcClintock
snscrape twitter-user tommcclintock
snscrape twitter-user BodellFor
snscrape twitter-user YoungKimCA
snscrape twitter-user christiandaly20
snscrape twitter-user EdRushman
snscrape twitter-user erictaylorHQ
snscrape twitter-user Weems4Congress
snscrape twitter-user forhorvath
snscrape twitter-user congress2020_j
snscrape twitter-user JeffEsmus
snscrape twitter-user TeamJenBarbosa
snscrape twitter-user joeydesL
snscrape twitter-user kenyoung2020
snscrape twitter-user LarryCongress
snscrape twitter-user LTBeverlyHills
snscrape twitter-user CongressLawton4
snscrape twitter-user rcfor52
snscrape twitter-user Vote_For_Cox
snscrape twitter-user RealSteveCox
snscrape twitter-user will4thepeople
snscrape twitter-user EricG1247
snscrape twitter-user dehn4congress
snscrape twitter-user MEKPeaceJustice
snscrape twitter-user RCB4CA40
snscrape twitter-user Romanoff2020
snscrape twitter-user Hickenlooper
snscrape twitter-user SenCoryGardner
snscrape twitter-user CoryGardner
snscrape twitter-user GaylonKent
snscrape twitter-user Joshuajered
snscrape twitter-user DoaneRaymon
snscrape twitter-user RepDianaDeGette
snscrape twitter-user DeGette5280
snscrape twitter-user RepDMB
snscrape twitter-user repperlmutter
snscrape twitter-user Ed4Colorado
snscrape twitter-user Ike4CO
snscrape twitter-user IkeMcCorkle
snscrape twitter-user James_Iacino
snscrape twitter-user repjasoncrow
snscrape twitter-user JasonCrowCO6
snscrape twitter-user FreelandCO5
snscrape twitter-user RepJoeNeguse
snscrape twitter-user JoeNeguse
snscrape twitter-user Casper4Colorado
snscrape twitter-user DrCharlieWinn
snscrape twitter-user RepDLamborn
snscrape twitter-user RepKenBuck
snscrape twitter-user BuckForColorado
snscrape twitter-user laurenboebert
snscrape twitter-user RepTipton
snscrape twitter-user scottrtipton
snscrape twitter-user Shane4Co
snscrape twitter-user BollingShane
snscrape twitter-user House4CO
snscrape twitter-user CritterMilton
snscrape twitter-user swinggary
snscrape twitter-user Keltie4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepJahanaHayes
snscrape twitter-user JahanaHayesCT
snscrape twitter-user jahimes
snscrape twitter-user repjoecourtney
snscrape twitter-user joecourtneyct
snscrape twitter-user JohnLarsonCT
snscrape twitter-user Rosa_DeLauro
snscrape twitter-user DavidXSullivan
snscrape twitter-user riddlecongress
snscrape twitter-user ForStreicker
snscrape twitter-user Fay4Congress
snscrape twitter-user votemerlen
snscrape twitter-user CassCongress
snscrape twitter-user justin4all2
snscrape twitter-user ChrisCoons
snscrape twitter-user ChrisCoonsforDE
snscrape twitter-user JessforDelaware
snscrape twitter-user JimDeMartino
snscrape twitter-user LaurenWitzkeDE
snscrape twitter-user TurleyForSenate
snscrape twitter-user nadine4delaware
snscrape twitter-user RepLBR
snscrape twitter-user LisaBRochester
snscrape twitter-user goMurph2020
snscrape twitter-user MMORRIS4CONGR
snscrape twitter-user Catheri45538542
snscrape twitter-user AC4Congress2020
snscrape twitter-user RepHattersley
snscrape twitter-user HattersleyforFL
snscrape twitter-user AlanMCohn
snscrape twitter-user AlanGrayson
snscrape twitter-user AlbertChester21
snscrape twitter-user RepHastingsFL
snscrape twitter-user alcee4congress
snscrape twitter-user RepAlLawsonJr
snscrape twitter-user AlLawsonJR
snscrape twitter-user AllenLEllison
snscrape twitter-user RepCharlieCrist
snscrape twitter-user CharlieCrist
snscrape twitter-user SWFLmom2020
snscrape twitter-user Clint4congress
snscrape twitter-user LawClintCurtis
snscrape twitter-user DanaforCongress
snscrape twitter-user RepDarrenSoto
snscrape twitter-user DarrenSoto
snscrape twitter-user holden4florida
snscrape twitter-user RepDMP
snscrape twitter-user DebbieforFL
snscrape twitter-user RepDWStweets
snscrape twitter-user DWStweets
snscrape twitter-user DonnaDeegan
snscrape twitter-user RepShalala
snscrape twitter-user DonnaShalala
snscrape twitter-user RepWilson
snscrape twitter-user FSWInTheHouse
snscrape twitter-user Guido4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JENFL23
snscrape twitter-user JesseP4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JK4Florida
snscrape twitter-user USRepKCastor
snscrape twitter-user KathyCastorFL
snscrape twitter-user KelBman50
snscrape twitter-user kw4congress
snscrape twitter-user Lj4CONGRESS
snscrape twitter-user LJHolloway
snscrape twitter-user RepLoisFrankel
snscrape twitter-user LoisFrankel
snscrape twitter-user GoodforFlorida
snscrape twitter-user OzforCongress
snscrape twitter-user PamKeithFL
snscrape twitter-user PhilEhr
snscrape twitter-user PhilDoddsfl03
snscrape twitter-user Thripp2020
snscrape twitter-user sakinahlehtola
snscrape twitter-user Sheila4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepStephMurphy
snscrape twitter-user SMurphyCongress
snscrape twitter-user RepTedDeutch
snscrape twitter-user TedDeutch
snscrape twitter-user TomWells2020
snscrape twitter-user RepValDemings
snscrape twitter-user val_demings
snscrape twitter-user ScanlanCongress
snscrape twitter-user amandamakki
snscrape twitter-user AmyCongress
snscrape twitter-user realannapaulina
snscrape twitter-user Bill_4_Congress
snscrape twitter-user congbillposey
snscrape twitter-user PoseyCampaign
snscrape twitter-user RepBrianMast
snscrape twitter-user BrianMastFL
snscrape twitter-user ByronDonalds
snscrape twitter-user carla_spalding
snscrape twitter-user CarlosGimenezFL
snscrape twitter-user CaseyAskar
snscrape twitter-user VOTEACOSTA2020
snscrape twitter-user ElectQuinn
snscrape twitter-user Christo18081932
snscrape twitter-user ChristyMarieEm
snscrape twitter-user Kowal4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepWebster
snscrape twitter-user WebsterCongress
snscrape twitter-user SeversonForCD19
snscrape twitter-user swaffarcongress
snscrape twitter-user themedicarelady
snscrape twitter-user aquino4congress
snscrape twitter-user DavidTheus
snscrape twitter-user DB_Fugate
snscrape twitter-user ErickAguilarJAX
snscrape twitter-user Flynnforcongres
snscrape twitter-user PoloChange
snscrape twitter-user ElectAdler
snscrape twitter-user gavinrollins
snscrape twitter-user gbuck_jr
snscrape twitter-user MerkGregory
snscrape twitter-user GregMusselwhit3
snscrape twitter-user RepGregSteube
snscrape twitter-user gregsteube
snscrape twitter-user RepGusBilirakis
snscrape twitter-user Jimprudenforco1
snscrape twitter-user DrJamesStGeorge
snscrape twitter-user olson_fl
snscrape twitter-user votejessi2020
snscrape twitter-user JoeMilladoFL03
snscrape twitter-user RepRutherfordFL
snscrape twitter-user JRutherfordFL
snscrape twitter-user JoseForFlorida
snscrape twitter-user Juan_E_Fiol
snscrape twitter-user JudsonSapp
snscrape twitter-user Kat_Cammack
snscrape twitter-user KatCammack
snscrape twitter-user lavern_spicer
snscrape twitter-user drleovalentin
snscrape twitter-user Felton4Congress
snscrape twitter-user MaElviraSalazar
snscrape twitter-user MarioDB
snscrape twitter-user MarioDBCamp
snscrape twitter-user RepMattGaetz
snscrape twitter-user mattgaetz
snscrape twitter-user KroskeMichael
snscrape twitter-user MikeVilardi
snscrape twitter-user RepMichaelWaltz
snscrape twitter-user michaelgwaltz
snscrape twitter-user DrNealDunnFL2
snscrape twitter-user DunnCampaign
snscrape twitter-user Nickov0124
snscrape twitter-user OmarBlancoFL
snscrape twitter-user pblass
snscrape twitter-user HendersonforFL
snscrape twitter-user jraymol
snscrape twitter-user RebaForCongress
snscrape twitter-user Goble4Congress
snscrape twitter-user ForWagoner
snscrape twitter-user RepRossSpano
snscrape twitter-user RossSpano
snscrape twitter-user RyanDChamberlin
snscrape twitter-user CaineCongress
snscrape twitter-user ScottFranklinFL
snscrape twitter-user fl9congress
snscrape twitter-user Votegriffin2020
snscrape twitter-user chaseforflorida
snscrape twitter-user Vennia4Congress
snscrape twitter-user VernBuchanan
snscrape twitter-user votedegrammont
snscrape twitter-user DrWFig
snscrape twitter-user RepMontague
snscrape twitter-user for_zhao
snscrape twitter-user votecharleston
snscrape twitter-user Christinefor24
snscrape twitter-user GerryNolan13
snscrape twitter-user billgarlington
snscrape twitter-user MayorDAJackson
snscrape twitter-user edtarverga
snscrape twitter-user electknox2020
snscrape twitter-user ossoff
snscrape twitter-user MarckeithD
snscrape twitter-user LiebermanForGa
snscrape twitter-user MayaForGeorgia
snscrape twitter-user mdillard_smith
snscrape twitter-user ReverendWarnock
snscrape twitter-user RaphaelWarnock
snscrape twitter-user WinfieldForUs
snscrape twitter-user rdwinfield
snscrape twitter-user sarahriggsamico
snscrape twitter-user TamaraShealey
snscrape twitter-user teresatomlinson
snscrape twitter-user johnsonsenate
snscrape twitter-user SenDavidPerdue
snscrape twitter-user Perduesenate
snscrape twitter-user GraysonForGA
snscrape twitter-user tmotofga
snscrape twitter-user CollinsforGA
snscrape twitter-user KandissTaylor
snscrape twitter-user SenatorLoeffler
snscrape twitter-user KLoeffler
snscrape twitter-user ValenciaStovall
snscrape twitter-user voteslowinski
snscrape twitter-user SlowinskiThirds
snscrape twitter-user ShaneTHazel
snscrape twitter-user georgiacantwait
snscrape twitter-user _BarringtonII
snscrape twitter-user VoteBrendaLopez
snscrape twitter-user Carolyn4GA7
snscrape twitter-user TheDanaBarrett
snscrape twitter-user steinercongress
snscrape twitter-user congress_dan
snscrape twitter-user repdavidscott
snscrape twitter-user Electdavidscott
snscrape twitter-user DevinPandy
snscrape twitter-user RepHankJohnson
snscrape twitter-user ReElectHank
snscrape twitter-user jannquell4GA13
snscrape twitter-user Eaves4Congress
snscrape twitter-user johneaves
snscrape twitter-user repjohnlewis
snscrape twitter-user joycegriggs2020
snscrape twitter-user KevinVanAusdal
snscrape twitter-user kwanzahall
snscrape twitter-user LisaRingGA01
snscrape twitter-user LizforGA12th
snscrape twitter-user RepLucyMcBath
snscrape twitter-user lucymcbath
snscrape twitter-user owensforga13
snscrape twitter-user NabilahforGA07
snscrape twitter-user NikemaWilliams
snscrape twitter-user DPGChair
snscrape twitter-user DrMalikR
snscrape twitter-user RMF4congress
snscrape twitter-user MorehouseMystiq
snscrape twitter-user SanfordBishop
snscrape twitter-user TJG4GA
snscrape twitter-user valforcongress3
snscrape twitter-user WilliamForGA4
snscrape twitter-user votezahra
snscrape twitter-user Clyde4Congress
snscrape twitter-user AndyforGA14
snscrape twitter-user theangiestanton
snscrape twitter-user AustinScottGA08
snscrape twitter-user ScottForGA
snscrape twitter-user reploudermilk
snscrape twitter-user standwithbarry
snscrape twitter-user Hites4G
snscrape twitter-user SteelInsights
snscrape twitter-user ElectBenBullock
snscrape twitter-user HembreeGA
snscrape twitter-user BlakeHarbin8
snscrape twitter-user Mechracer74
snscrape twitter-user ClayforGA14
snscrape twitter-user danny_ellyson
snscrape twitter-user MerrittForGA
snscrape twitter-user DonCole4Cong
snscrape twitter-user doncole_com
snscrape twitter-user RepDrewFerguson
snscrape twitter-user DrewFergusonGA
snscrape twitter-user repBuddyCarter
snscrape twitter-user Buddy_Carter
snscrape twitter-user Carter4Congress
snscrape twitter-user UnderwoodGA09
snscrape twitter-user yuforcongress
snscrape twitter-user congressmanhice
snscrape twitter-user jodyhice
snscrape twitter-user JoeProfitGA_06
snscrape twitter-user Barge4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JohnCowanGA
snscrape twitter-user JohsieC
snscrape twitter-user karenhandel
snscrape twitter-user for_kellie
snscrape twitter-user kevincookeGA
snscrape twitter-user KevinKTanner
snscrape twitter-user lisanoelbabbage
snscrape twitter-user lynnehomrich
snscrape twitter-user Strickland4C
snscrape twitter-user mtgreenee
snscrape twitter-user MarkCongressGA7
snscrape twitter-user MatthewGurtler
snscrape twitter-user Matt4GA
snscrape twitter-user michael_boggus
snscrape twitter-user mykelbarthelemy
snscrape twitter-user PaulBrounforGA
snscrape twitter-user ForPaulette
snscrape twitter-user Renee_Unterman
snscrape twitter-user reneeunterman
snscrape twitter-user RichforGA
snscrape twitter-user RepRickAllen
snscrape twitter-user rickallen
snscrape twitter-user VivianChilds
snscrape twitter-user ChaseForHouse
snscrape twitter-user RevolutionaryJC
snscrape twitter-user mlcowen
snscrape twitter-user becongress
snscrape twitter-user repedcase
snscrape twitter-user EdCaseHawaii
snscrape twitter-user kaikahele
snscrape twitter-user ElectNoelle
snscrape twitter-user eliseforhawaii
snscrape twitter-user Joe_Akana
snscrape twitter-user rcurtis808
snscrape twitter-user alohaincongress
snscrape twitter-user JHoomanawanui
snscrape twitter-user JonathanHooman1
snscrape twitter-user votevandermaas
snscrape twitter-user electpaulette
snscrape twitter-user SenatorRisch
snscrape twitter-user Risch4Idaho
snscrape twitter-user natalie4_senate
snscrape twitter-user SwisherforIdaho
snscrape twitter-user Rudy4Congress
snscrape twitter-user CongMikeSimpson
snscrape twitter-user mikesimpson4id
snscrape twitter-user RepRussFulcher
snscrape twitter-user RussFulcher
snscrape twitter-user Congress4_IDLaw
snscrape twitter-user IDJoe4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SenatorDurbin
snscrape twitter-user DickDurbin
snscrape twitter-user CaseySenate
snscrape twitter-user ElectMarkCurran
snscrape twitter-user PeggyHubbardIL
snscrape twitter-user Marshall4Senate
snscrape twitter-user DrTarter
snscrape twitter-user DannyMalouf2020
snscrape twitter-user DrWillieWilson
snscrape twitter-user adambroad2020
snscrape twitter-user broadcoalition
snscrape twitter-user AmeenaMatthews
snscrape twitter-user ATHeldut
snscrape twitter-user AnthonyVClark20
snscrape twitter-user BetsyforIL
snscrape twitter-user RepBillFoster
snscrape twitter-user Foster4Congress
snscrape twitter-user repbobbyrush
snscrape twitter-user bobbyrushfor1st
snscrape twitter-user repschneider
snscrape twitter-user Schneider4IL10
snscrape twitter-user BurnsUSA
snscrape twitter-user RepCheri
snscrape twitter-user cheribustos
snscrape twitter-user mortonforil
snscrape twitter-user DaniForCongress
snscrape twitter-user RepLipinski
snscrape twitter-user DanLipinski
snscrape twitter-user RepDannyDavis
snscrape twitter-user DannyKDavis7th
snscrape twitter-user Weaver4Illinois
snscrape twitter-user DrInam4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepSchakowsky
snscrape twitter-user janschakowsky
snscrape twitter-user RepChuyGarcia
snscrape twitter-user ChuyForCongress
snscrape twitter-user funk4congress
snscrape twitter-user JoelDFunk
snscrape twitter-user hursey4congress
snscrape twitter-user Gaither4IL
snscrape twitter-user Kina4Congress
snscrape twitter-user votekristine
snscrape twitter-user Kms560
snscrape twitter-user RepUnderwood
snscrape twitter-user LaurenUnderwood
snscrape twitter-user Marie4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepMikeQuigley
snscrape twitter-user QuigleyCampaign
snscrape twitter-user electventura
snscrape twitter-user CongressmanRaja
snscrape twitter-user RajaForCongress
snscrape twitter-user Lenzi4Congress
snscrape twitter-user remmons2020
snscrape twitter-user RepRobinKelly
snscrape twitter-user RobinLynneKelly
snscrape twitter-user Rush4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SarahGad2020
snscrape twitter-user SarahGee1987
snscrape twitter-user RepCasten
snscrape twitter-user VoteCasten
snscrape twitter-user SeanCasten
snscrape twitter-user SpankyFEdwards
snscrape twitter-user SpankNation
snscrape twitter-user stef4congress
snscrape twitter-user repkinzinger
snscrape twitter-user AdamKinzinger
snscrape twitter-user realBillFawell
snscrape twitter-user wmfawell
snscrape twitter-user CatalinaLauf
snscrape twitter-user CraigCameron07
snscrape twitter-user RepLaHood
snscrape twitter-user ElectLaHood
snscrape twitter-user Duncan4Illinois
snscrape twitter-user esther4congress
snscrape twitter-user estherjoyking
snscrape twitter-user DrJayKinzler
snscrape twitter-user marter4congress
snscrape twitter-user jeanneives
snscrape twitter-user JerryEvans2020
snscrape twitter-user jesussoloriojr
snscrape twitter-user JimOberweis
snscrape twitter-user KrishnaBansalUS
snscrape twitter-user Miller_Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepBost
snscrape twitter-user BostForCongress
snscrape twitter-user FriciloneMike
snscrape twitter-user Philaniseforco1
snscrape twitter-user RickLaibfor11
snscrape twitter-user RodneyDavis
snscrape twitter-user electrodney
snscrape twitter-user VoteSangari
snscrape twitter-user SueRezin
snscrape twitter-user TedGradel14
snscrape twitter-user Raborn4Congress
snscrape twitter-user ValforCongress
snscrape twitter-user congressruth
snscrape twitter-user ruthieartisan
snscrape twitter-user TracyJenningsIL
snscrape twitter-user BillRedpath2020
snscrape twitter-user repandrecarson
snscrape twitter-user andre4congress
snscrape twitter-user AndyRuffIN9
snscrape twitter-user AntonioDaggett
snscrape twitter-user HoodforCongress
snscrape twitter-user _carlos_2020_
snscrape twitter-user Chip4Congress
snscrape twitter-user HaleIndy
snscrape twitter-user VoteThornton
snscrape twitter-user dliamdorris
snscrape twitter-user EllenForIN2
snscrape twitter-user mrvan4congress
snscrape twitter-user Fjmrvan
snscrape twitter-user JeannineLeeLake
snscrape twitter-user JPJeanPaulBKal1
snscrape twitter-user JenniferForIN5
snscrape twitter-user JimHarperIN
snscrape twitter-user jamesedharper
snscrape twitter-user joe4hoosiers
snscrape twitter-user Maraforindiana
snscrape twitter-user markjpowell2
snscrape twitter-user MelissaBorom
snscrape twitter-user HackettCongress
snscrape twitter-user votefarrar2020
snscrape twitter-user ForHaake
snscrape twitter-user SabrinaHaake
snscrape twitter-user ScottLCostello
snscrape twitter-user Hope_IN8
snscrape twitter-user gomcdermott
snscrape twitter-user tommcdermottjr
snscrape twitter-user Ziol_4_IN_4th
snscrape twitter-user wendellmosby
snscrape twitter-user allen_davidson
snscrape twitter-user AndrewPBales
snscrape twitter-user BethForIndiana
snscrape twitter-user CarlBrizzi
snscrape twitter-user drchrismagiera
snscrape twitter-user drchuckdietzen
snscrape twitter-user DN_for_Congress
snscrape twitter-user Scaife4Indiana
snscrape twitter-user DionForIndiana
snscrape twitter-user RepGregPence
snscrape twitter-user GregPenceIN
snscrape twitter-user RepWalorski
snscrape twitter-user jackiewalorski
snscrape twitter-user JDMiniear
snscrape twitter-user RepJimBaird
snscrape twitter-user ElectJimBaird
snscrape twitter-user RepJimBanks
snscrape twitter-user jim_banks
snscrape twitter-user Hoosiers4Kelly
snscrape twitter-user KentAbernathyIN
snscrape twitter-user RepLarryBucshon
snscrape twitter-user DrLarryBucshon
snscrape twitter-user marksmall1973
snscrape twitter-user VotefutureNOW
snscrape twitter-user MicahBeckwith
snscrape twitter-user BeckwithMicah
snscrape twitter-user MontHandley
snscrape twitter-user lemmonscongress
snscrape twitter-user susanfor7th
snscrape twitter-user reptrey
snscrape twitter-user VoteForTrey
snscrape twitter-user Victoria_Spartz
snscrape twitter-user VicWakley
snscrape twitter-user jdrodenberger
snscrape twitter-user aguyfromindiana
snscrape twitter-user FerkieCPA
snscrape twitter-user calforiowa
snscrape twitter-user eddiejmauro
snscrape twitter-user KimberlyforIowa
snscrape twitter-user frankenforiowa
snscrape twitter-user GreenfieldIowa
snscrape twitter-user SenJoniErnst
snscrape twitter-user joniernst
snscrape twitter-user RickStewart
snscrape twitter-user repfinkenauer
snscrape twitter-user Abby4Iowa
snscrape twitter-user RepCindyAxne
snscrape twitter-user Axne4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JDScholten
snscrape twitter-user RitaHartIA
snscrape twitter-user hinsonashley
snscrape twitter-user BillSchaferIowa
snscrape twitter-user Richards4Iowa
snscrape twitter-user YoungForIowa
snscrape twitter-user jtaylorcongress
snscrape twitter-user millermeeks
snscrape twitter-user RandyFeenstra
snscrape twitter-user BobbySchilling
snscrape twitter-user SteveKingIA
snscrape twitter-user EverlyForIowa
snscrape twitter-user stevereederiowa
snscrape twitter-user Hansen4Congress
snscrape twitter-user BarbaraBollier
snscrape twitter-user hamiltonforks
snscrape twitter-user KansasBrian
snscrape twitter-user LindstromforKS
snscrape twitter-user KrisKobach1787
snscrape twitter-user RogerMarshallMD
snscrape twitter-user JBuckley2020
snscrape twitter-user HopeforWind
snscrape twitter-user KaliforKansas
snscrape twitter-user LauraforKansas
snscrape twitter-user Michelle4Kansas
snscrape twitter-user Dasharyl
snscrape twitter-user RepDavids
snscrape twitter-user ShariceDavids
snscrape twitter-user FosterforKansas
snscrape twitter-user adkins_2020
snscrape twitter-user amanda_adkins
snscrape twitter-user DrBillClifford1
snscrape twitter-user JakeLaTurner
snscrape twitter-user SoetaertMichael
snscrape twitter-user electbeehler
snscrape twitter-user RepRonEstes
snscrape twitter-user RonEstesKS
snscrape twitter-user sarahartweir
snscrape twitter-user Rep_Watkins
snscrape twitter-user Steve4Kansas
snscrape twitter-user TraceyMannKS
snscrape twitter-user stevehoheks
snscrape twitter-user AmyMcGrathKY
snscrape twitter-user BennieJSmith1
snscrape twitter-user Booker4KY
snscrape twitter-user EricRothmuller
snscrape twitter-user jimmy4congress
snscrape twitter-user electmojo
snscrape twitter-user themaggiejo
snscrape twitter-user TobinUsSenate
snscrape twitter-user mikeforky
snscrape twitter-user cwesleymorgan
snscrape twitter-user senatemajldr
snscrape twitter-user Team_Mitch
snscrape twitter-user barron_ky
snscrape twitter-user AMOwensby
snscrape twitter-user kemph2020
snscrape twitter-user hank4ky
snscrape twitter-user Rhodes4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepJohnYarmuth
snscrape twitter-user joshhicksky
snscrape twitter-user BestforKY
snscrape twitter-user Fabert2020
snscrape twitter-user RepAndyBarr
snscrape twitter-user barrforcongress
snscrape twitter-user RepGuthrie
snscrape twitter-user brettguthrie
snscrape twitter-user assetforfeiture
snscrape twitter-user RepHalRogers
snscrape twitter-user HalRogersKY5
snscrape twitter-user RepJamesComer
snscrape twitter-user JamesComer
snscrape twitter-user MikeCravenKY
snscrape twitter-user RepThomasMassie
snscrape twitter-user massieforky
snscrape twitter-user toddmcmurtry
snscrape twitter-user waymen_e
snscrape twitter-user Perry4Ky
snscrape twitter-user PerkinsforLA
snscrape twitter-user AntoinePierce
snscrape twitter-user D_EdwardsLA
snscrape twitter-user WenstrupforLA
snscrape twitter-user SenBillCassidy
snscrape twitter-user billcassidy
snscrape twitter-user dustinforsenate
snscrape twitter-user DocMontyFor2020
snscrape twitter-user jbourgeois2020
snscrape twitter-user XanJohn4Senate
snscrape twitter-user Harris4US2020
snscrape twitter-user ChristopheCandy
snscrape twitter-user RepRichmond
snscrape twitter-user CedricRichmond
snscrape twitter-user daw4us
snscrape twitter-user a_dartanyon
snscrape twitter-user KennyHoustonCD4
snscrape twitter-user martinlemelle
snscrape twitter-user phillipsnowden_
snscrape twitter-user RobAnderson2018
snscrape twitter-user ryantrundleCD4
snscrape twitter-user RepClayHiggins
snscrape twitter-user CaptClayHiggins
snscrape twitter-user RepGarretGraves
snscrape twitter-user garretgraves
snscrape twitter-user RepLanceHarris
snscrape twitter-user LukeLetlow
snscrape twitter-user MattHasty3
snscrape twitter-user RepMikeJohnson
snscrape twitter-user MikeJohnson
snscrape twitter-user LouisianaScotty
snscrape twitter-user SteveScalise
snscrape twitter-user SteveScaliseGOP
snscrape twitter-user colbyFor2ndDist
snscrape twitter-user brandon_leleux
snscrape twitter-user HowardKearney
snscrape twitter-user BetsySweetME
snscrape twitter-user BetsySweetMaine
snscrape twitter-user BeeKay4ME
snscrape twitter-user SaraGideon
snscrape twitter-user SenatorCollins
snscrape twitter-user SenSusanCollins
snscrape twitter-user LisaForMaine
snscrape twitter-user NaturalGuard
snscrape twitter-user MaxLinn4Senate
snscrape twitter-user TiffanyBond
snscrape twitter-user chelliepingree
snscrape twitter-user RepGolden
snscrape twitter-user golden4congress
snscrape twitter-user AdrienneMaine
snscrape twitter-user DaleCraftsME
snscrape twitter-user SenatorBrakey
snscrape twitter-user AllenCongress
snscrape twitter-user petrusadrian
snscrape twitter-user AllisonforMD
snscrape twitter-user RepAnthonyBrown
snscrape twitter-user AnthonyBrownMD4
snscrape twitter-user Urbinaforus
snscrape twitter-user HiegelDan
snscrape twitter-user repdavidtrone
snscrape twitter-user davidjtrone
snscrape twitter-user Call_Me_Dutch
snscrape twitter-user GoDutchForMD
snscrape twitter-user professorhigg
snscrape twitter-user HarryTSpikes
snscrape twitter-user jake_pretot
snscrape twitter-user repraskin
snscrape twitter-user jamie_raskin
snscrape twitter-user jillpcarter
snscrape twitter-user RepSarbanes
snscrape twitter-user JohnSarbanes
snscrape twitter-user Mfume4Congress
snscrape twitter-user DR_LIH_YOUNG
snscrape twitter-user drMgosnell
snscrape twitter-user MayaForCongress
snscrape twitter-user MeetMckayla
snscrape twitter-user Mia4MD
snscrape twitter-user Saafir4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SheliaForMD4
snscrape twitter-user LeaderHoyer
snscrape twitter-user StenyHoyer
snscrape twitter-user whiptbranch
snscrape twitter-user votetdanbaker
snscrape twitter-user VoteTerriHill
snscrape twitter-user utam_paul
snscrape twitter-user vanessa23607546
snscrape twitter-user studlydevine
snscrape twitter-user studlydevine
snscrape twitter-user RepAndyHarrisMD
snscrape twitter-user Harris4Congress
snscrape twitter-user bcoopercongress
snscrape twitter-user Charles4MD
snscrape twitter-user ChrisMeyyur
snscrape twitter-user ChrisPalombi
snscrape twitter-user CAnderson2020
snscrape twitter-user dougsayers2
snscrape twitter-user LizForCongress
snscrape twitter-user LizMatory
snscrape twitter-user morris_congress
snscrape twitter-user HITpolicywonk
snscrape twitter-user CollforCongress
snscrape twitter-user JamesMSimpson
snscrape twitter-user SenJohnnyRay
snscrape twitter-user J_R_Salling
snscrape twitter-user VoteDelgado
snscrape twitter-user voteforkenny
snscrape twitter-user Caldwell4MD6CD
snscrape twitter-user kimKBaltimore
snscrape twitter-user patriotvoting
snscrape twitter-user neilparrott
snscrape twitter-user MarylandNickG
snscrape twitter-user eze4senate
snscrape twitter-user rebahawkins2020
snscrape twitter-user RobertSeyfferth
snscrape twitter-user america1timfaze
snscrape twitter-user NEWTONCONGRESS
snscrape twitter-user Gluck4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SenMarkey
snscrape twitter-user EdMarkey
snscrape twitter-user joekennedy
snscrape twitter-user KOCforSenate
snscrape twitter-user va_shiva
snscrape twitter-user alankhazei
snscrape twitter-user alexbmorse
snscrape twitter-user Angus4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepPressley
snscrape twitter-user AyannaPressley
snscrape twitter-user BeckyWGrossman
snscrape twitter-user bensigel
snscrape twitter-user USRepKeating
snscrape twitter-user WilliamKeating
snscrape twitter-user ChrisZforMA
snscrape twitter-user DavidFCavell
snscrape twitter-user ihssaneleckey
snscrape twitter-user JakeAuch
snscrape twitter-user JZBMA06
snscrape twitter-user JamieZahlaway
snscrape twitter-user jessemermell
snscrape twitter-user RepMcGovern
snscrape twitter-user McGovernMA
snscrape twitter-user RepKClark
snscrape twitter-user KatherineClark
snscrape twitter-user RepLoriTrahan
snscrape twitter-user LoriUSCongress
snscrape twitter-user latrahan
snscrape twitter-user natalialinou
snscrape twitter-user RepRichardNeal
snscrape twitter-user NealForCongress
snscrape twitter-user RobbieForChange
snscrape twitter-user TeamMoulton
snscrape twitter-user sethmoulton
snscrape twitter-user RepStephenLynch
snscrape twitter-user RepLynch
snscrape twitter-user CarolineforCon1
snscrape twitter-user HelenBradyMA9
snscrape twitter-user JohnPaul4Mass
snscrape twitter-user Hall4CongressMA
snscrape twitter-user Rayla4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Tracy4Congress
snscrape twitter-user fritzmayock
snscrape twitter-user Mixon4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SenGaryPeters
snscrape twitter-user GaryPeters
snscrape twitter-user JohnJamesMI
snscrape twitter-user triple_marcia
snscrape twitter-user repandylevin
snscrape twitter-user Andy_Levin
snscrape twitter-user AnthonyFeig
snscrape twitter-user VoteBrendaJones
snscrape twitter-user RepLawrence
snscrape twitter-user BrendaLLawrence
snscrape twitter-user pubtheologian
snscrape twitter-user FergusonforMI1
snscrape twitter-user RepDanKildee
snscrape twitter-user dankildee
snscrape twitter-user RepDebDingell
snscrape twitter-user debdingell
snscrape twitter-user RepSlotkin
snscrape twitter-user ElissaSlotkin
snscrape twitter-user gdriskell
snscrape twitter-user RepHaleyStevens
snscrape twitter-user haleylive
snscrape twitter-user HillaryScholten
snscrape twitter-user jensnotrich2020
snscrape twitter-user HilliardForCong
snscrape twitter-user jonhoadley
snscrape twitter-user kelnoland2020
snscrape twitter-user electbizon2020
snscrape twitter-user lindaforMI
snscrape twitter-user RepRashida
snscrape twitter-user RashidaTlaib
snscrape twitter-user VoteForSolomon
snscrape twitter-user hoover_8
snscrape twitter-user lemmotocongress
snscrape twitter-user RepHuizenga
snscrape twitter-user billhuizenga
snscrape twitter-user LangworthyUS9th
snscrape twitter-user dfhforcongress
snscrape twitter-user Dude4Liberty
snscrape twitter-user GenDougSlocum
snscrape twitter-user for_earl
snscrape twitter-user OelkeElena
snscrape twitter-user EmilyRafiMI03
snscrape twitter-user EsshakiCongress
snscrape twitter-user FrankAcosta2020
snscrape twitter-user RepFredUpton
snscrape twitter-user uptonforallofus
snscrape twitter-user Votegabi
snscrape twitter-user RepJackBergman
snscrape twitter-user JackBergman_MI1
snscrape twitter-user workingclassGOP
snscrape twitter-user RepMoolenaar
snscrape twitter-user JohnMoolenaar
snscrape twitter-user KerryB4Congress
snscrape twitter-user KristinaLyke
snscrape twitter-user Linda13th
snscrape twitter-user LisaForCongress
snscrape twitter-user LynnAfendoulis
snscrape twitter-user DetmerMike
snscrape twitter-user VotePaulJunge
snscrape twitter-user VoteMeijer
snscrape twitter-user pjfm
snscrape twitter-user RVancePatrick4C
snscrape twitter-user ShaneforMI
snscrape twitter-user timothykelly
snscrape twitter-user RepWalberg
snscrape twitter-user TimWalberg
snscrape twitter-user ForNorton
snscrape twitter-user Whittney2020
snscrape twitter-user ArticiaBomer
snscrape twitter-user 2020Creviere
snscrape twitter-user Paula_Overby
snscrape twitter-user CampaignCarlson
snscrape twitter-user stevewcarlson
snscrape twitter-user SenTinaSmith
snscrape twitter-user TinaSmithMN
snscrape twitter-user LewisForMN
snscrape twitter-user RepAngieCraig
snscrape twitter-user AngieCraigMN
snscrape twitter-user Antone_MN
snscrape twitter-user BettyMcCollum04
snscrape twitter-user VoteBetty
snscrape twitter-user youngvoterswork
snscrape twitter-user collincpeterson
snscrape twitter-user danielfeehan
snscrape twitter-user DavidSandbeck
snscrape twitter-user RepDeanPhillips
snscrape twitter-user deanbphillips
snscrape twitter-user Ilhan
snscrape twitter-user IlhanMN
snscrape twitter-user JohnMasonMN
snscrape twitter-user leslester
snscrape twitter-user QuinnNystrom
snscrape twitter-user ReidfromMn
snscrape twitter-user Tawnja4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Dalia4Congress
snscrape twitter-user DHughesCongress
snscrape twitter-user js4uscongress
snscrape twitter-user RepHagedorn
snscrape twitter-user JimHagedornMN
snscrape twitter-user KendallQuallsMN
snscrape twitter-user LacyJohnsonMN
snscrape twitter-user FischbachMN7
snscrape twitter-user collisdr
snscrape twitter-user RepPeteStauber
snscrape twitter-user PeteStauber
snscrape twitter-user RepTomEmmer
snscrape twitter-user tomemmer
snscrape twitter-user KistnerCongress
snscrape twitter-user tyler_kistner
snscrape twitter-user weeks2020
snscrape twitter-user BohrenJensen
snscrape twitter-user MikeEspyMS
snscrape twitter-user tobeybbartee
snscrape twitter-user SenHydeSmith
snscrape twitter-user cindyhydesmith
snscrape twitter-user Antonia4MS1
snscrape twitter-user AntoniaEliason
snscrape twitter-user BennieGThompson
snscrape twitter-user BGThompsonMS
snscrape twitter-user leecommakatelyn
snscrape twitter-user RathburnSonia
snscrape twitter-user Carl4congressms
snscrape twitter-user jamestulp
snscrape twitter-user RepMichaelGuest
snscrape twitter-user GuestCongress
snscrape twitter-user rldeming3
snscrape twitter-user ForHickman
snscrape twitter-user hickman_samuel
snscrape twitter-user CongPalazzo
snscrape twitter-user StevenPalazzo
snscrape twitter-user reptrentkelly
snscrape twitter-user CoriBush
snscrape twitter-user ForOglesby
snscrape twitter-user repcleaver
snscrape twitter-user Vote4Cleaver
snscrape twitter-user DrGenaLRoss
snscrape twitter-user hmforcongress
snscrape twitter-user JillSchupp
snscrape twitter-user ellis4congress
snscrape twitter-user LynzforCongress
snscrape twitter-user lynzsimmons
snscrape twitter-user MaiteSalazar4MO
snscrape twitter-user montsenyt
snscrape twitter-user LacyClayMO1
snscrape twitter-user AdelaWisdom
snscrape twitter-user RepAnnWagner
snscrape twitter-user AnnLWagner
snscrape twitter-user USRepLong
snscrape twitter-user auctnr1
snscrape twitter-user RepBlaine
snscrape twitter-user luetkemeyerb
snscrape twitter-user brawil86
snscrape twitter-user electharleman
snscrape twitter-user RepJasonSmith
snscrape twitter-user JasonSmithMO
snscrape twitter-user JeffreyNowakMO
snscrape twitter-user trares4congress
snscrape twitter-user LynetteTrares
snscrape twitter-user thisisderks
snscrape twitter-user RepSamGraves
snscrape twitter-user rephartzler
snscrape twitter-user VickyH4Congress
snscrape twitter-user realDrWinnie
snscrape twitter-user WriteInAudrey
snscrape twitter-user forwinters
snscrape twitter-user Running2020
snscrape twitter-user MuesforMontana
snscrape twitter-user KnolesMichael
snscrape twitter-user stevebullockmt
snscrape twitter-user DanforMontana
snscrape twitter-user SteveDaines
snscrape twitter-user DainesForMT
snscrape twitter-user WilliamsForMT
snscrape twitter-user winterformt
snscrape twitter-user TheAmericanCS
snscrape twitter-user debralamm
snscrape twitter-user ForMcginley
snscrape twitter-user MattRosendale
snscrape twitter-user MattForMontana
snscrape twitter-user Shelton4Senate
snscrape twitter-user PeasantsUnite13
snscrape twitter-user AngieForNe
snscrape twitter-user CJSenate2020
snscrape twitter-user dftmacek
snscrape twitter-user SenSasse
snscrape twitter-user teamsasse
snscrape twitter-user BenSasse
snscrape twitter-user InnisForSenate
snscrape twitter-user gsiadek
snscrape twitter-user Ann_Ashford
snscrape twitter-user babsramsey
snscrape twitter-user Gladys4Congress
snscrape twitter-user karaforcongress
snscrape twitter-user katejbolz
snscrape twitter-user MarkElworthJr
snscrape twitter-user RepAdrianSmith
snscrape twitter-user amk4956
snscrape twitter-user repdonbacon
snscrape twitter-user DonJBacon
snscrape twitter-user JeffFortenberry
snscrape twitter-user supportfortNE
snscrape twitter-user LarryforCongres
snscrape twitter-user thedennisgrace
snscrape twitter-user US_ATJ
snscrape twitter-user koble4congress
snscrape twitter-user Dennis4NV3
snscrape twitter-user repdinatitus
snscrape twitter-user dinatitus
snscrape twitter-user VoteEdCohen
snscrape twitter-user BrieforNevada
snscrape twitter-user KemptonNv
snscrape twitter-user Eason4congress
snscrape twitter-user PAckermanNV
snscrape twitter-user RepRickShepherd
snscrape twitter-user RepHorsford
snscrape twitter-user StevenHorsford
snscrape twitter-user RepSusieLee
snscrape twitter-user SusieLeeNV
snscrape twitter-user Misstw1985
snscrape twitter-user misstw1985
snscrape twitter-user navarrofornv
snscrape twitter-user Citlaly4Nevada
snscrape twitter-user newberry4nv
snscrape twitter-user DanRodimer
snscrape twitter-user dan4nevada
snscrape twitter-user ethamilton123
snscrape twitter-user VoteJimMarchant
snscrape twitter-user JBeck4Congress
snscrape twitter-user joshelliott4cd1
snscrape twitter-user JoyceBentleyCD1
snscrape twitter-user blundofornevada
snscrape twitter-user leoblundo
snscrape twitter-user lisasongsutton
snscrape twitter-user markamodeinv2
snscrape twitter-user amodeifornevada
snscrape twitter-user iheartmindy
snscrape twitter-user RandiReedNV
snscrape twitter-user rebeccawoodnv
snscrape twitter-user sampetersnevada
snscrape twitter-user vote4esteban
snscrape twitter-user bakarikamau
snscrape twitter-user BakariKamau
snscrape twitter-user strawvegasdon
snscrape twitter-user SBrownNV
snscrape twitter-user SenatorShaheen
snscrape twitter-user jeanneshaheen
snscrape twitter-user AndyMartinUSA
snscrape twitter-user CorkyForSenate
snscrape twitter-user GenDonBolduc
snscrape twitter-user ODonnell4NH
snscrape twitter-user RepAnnieKuster
snscrape twitter-user AnnMcLaneKuster
snscrape twitter-user RepChrisPappas
snscrape twitter-user ChrisPappasNH
snscrape twitter-user EliClemmer
snscrape twitter-user blankenbekernh
snscrape twitter-user mattmayberrynh
snscrape twitter-user mowers
snscrape twitter-user SteveNegronNH
snscrape twitter-user ZacharySDumont
snscrape twitter-user senbooker
snscrape twitter-user CoryBooker
snscrape twitter-user hammforsenate
snscrape twitter-user hirshsingh
snscrape twitter-user voterivera
snscrape twitter-user RikMehta_NJ
snscrape twitter-user NewDayForNJ
snscrape twitter-user Burke4Senate
snscrape twitter-user hoffman4us2020
snscrape twitter-user VeronicaforNJ
snscrape twitter-user RepSires
snscrape twitter-user AlbioSiresNJ
snscrape twitter-user AlpBasaranNJ
snscrape twitter-user AMANI2020
snscrape twitter-user xoamani
snscrape twitter-user AmyKennedy715
snscrape twitter-user RepAndyKimNJ
snscrape twitter-user AndyKimNJ
snscrape twitter-user Arati4Congress
snscrape twitter-user BillPascrell
snscrape twitter-user pascrellfornj
snscrape twitter-user RepBonnie
snscrape twitter-user Bonnie4Congress
snscrape twitter-user brigidforsj
snscrape twitter-user CMConforti_NJ4
snscrape twitter-user DonaldNorcross
snscrape twitter-user DonNorcross4NJ
snscrape twitter-user RepDonaldPayne
snscrape twitter-user eugenemazo
snscrape twitter-user frankpallone
snscrape twitter-user pallonefornj
snscrape twitter-user Oseguera2020
snscrape twitter-user flora4congress
snscrape twitter-user RepJoshG
snscrape twitter-user JoshGottheimer
snscrape twitter-user LisaMcCormickNJ
snscrape twitter-user RepSherrill
snscrape twitter-user mikiesherrill
snscrape twitter-user bobturkavage
snscrape twitter-user Russforus2020
snscrape twitter-user StephLSchmid
snscrape twitter-user slsnator
snscrape twitter-user RepMalinowski
snscrape twitter-user Malinowski
snscrape twitter-user WillCunningham
snscrape twitter-user willsheehan_8
snscrape twitter-user ZSpezakis
snscrape twitter-user BillyPrempeh
snscrape twitter-user BobPattersonSJ
snscrape twitter-user RepChrisSmith
snscrape twitter-user ClaireGForNJRep
snscrape twitter-user DavidRichterNJ
snscrape twitter-user FrankPallottaNJ
snscrape twitter-user FTPallotta
snscrape twitter-user HCastillo2020
snscrape twitter-user votebigjim
snscrape twitter-user CongressmanJVD
snscrape twitter-user VanDrewForNJ
snscrape twitter-user JenZinone
snscrape twitter-user realJohnMcCann
snscrape twitter-user katefornj
snscrape twitter-user Becchi4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Gindi4Congress
snscrape twitter-user tomkean
snscrape twitter-user KeanForCongress
snscrape twitter-user realtimwalsh
snscrape twitter-user TomPhillipsNJ7
snscrape twitter-user louv55
snscrape twitter-user repbenraylujan
snscrape twitter-user repbenraylujan
snscrape twitter-user benraylujan
snscrape twitter-user elisafornm
snscrape twitter-user elisa1121
snscrape twitter-user DrGavinClarkson
snscrape twitter-user MarkRonchettiNM
snscrape twitter-user bobwalshsf
snscrape twitter-user RepDebHaaland
snscrape twitter-user Deb4CongressNM
snscrape twitter-user johnblairfornm
snscrape twitter-user jbinthefe
snscrape twitter-user josephsancheznm
snscrape twitter-user kylejtisdel
snscrape twitter-user LauraM4NM
snscrape twitter-user serna4congress
snscrape twitter-user TeresaForNM
snscrape twitter-user valerieplame
snscrape twitter-user ValeriePlame
snscrape twitter-user RepTorresSmall
snscrape twitter-user XochforCongress
snscrape twitter-user alexisjohnsonnm
snscrape twitter-user imagineBrettCD1
snscrape twitter-user brettk80
snscrape twitter-user ChrisMathysNM
snscrape twitter-user ClaireChaseNM
snscrape twitter-user JaredforNM
snscrape twitter-user karen_bedonie
snscrape twitter-user GarciaHolmes4NM
snscrape twitter-user Yvette4congress
snscrape twitter-user SteveCongress
snscrape twitter-user adamschleiferny
snscrape twitter-user adembunkeddeko
snscrape twitter-user RepEspaillat
snscrape twitter-user EspaillatNY
snscrape twitter-user RepAOC
snscrape twitter-user AOC
snscrape twitter-user Afine
snscrape twitter-user AndomForNY
snscrape twitter-user RepBrindisi
snscrape twitter-user ABrindisiNY
snscrape twitter-user repdelgado
snscrape twitter-user DelgadoforNY19
snscrape twitter-user ashacastleberry
snscrape twitter-user badrun_khan
snscrape twitter-user repbrianhiggins
snscrape twitter-user Higgins4WNY
snscrape twitter-user bridgetmfleming
snscrape twitter-user RepMaloney
snscrape twitter-user CarolynBMaloney
snscrape twitter-user catherineny17
snscrape twitter-user ChaimDeutsch
snscrape twitter-user newyorkvonni
snscrape twitter-user FinkFor
snscrape twitter-user dana_balter
snscrape twitter-user DavidBuchwald
snscrape twitter-user DavidCarlucci
snscrape twitter-user DavidPFranksJr
snscrape twitter-user RepEliotEngel
snscrape twitter-user teamengel
snscrape twitter-user evelynnfarkas
snscrape twitter-user Conole4Congress
snscrape twitter-user frangellbasora
snscrape twitter-user RepGraceMeng
snscrape twitter-user grace4ny
snscrape twitter-user repgregorymeeks
snscrape twitter-user GregMeeksNYC
snscrape twitter-user RepJeffries
snscrape twitter-user hakeem_jeffries
snscrape twitter-user isiah4congress
snscrape twitter-user VoteJackie4NY
snscrape twitter-user JamaalBowmanNY
snscrape twitter-user jfkii
snscrape twitter-user RepJerryNadler
snscrape twitter-user JerryNadler
snscrape twitter-user JonathanHerzog5
snscrape twitter-user repjoemorelle
snscrape twitter-user votemorelle
snscrape twitter-user juliopabonny15
snscrape twitter-user repkathleenrice
snscrape twitter-user KathleenRice
snscrape twitter-user VoteAshcraft
snscrape twitter-user LindseyBoylan
snscrape twitter-user LutchiGayot
snscrape twitter-user lutchigayot
snscrape twitter-user marlene_tapper
snscrape twitter-user RepMaxRose
snscrape twitter-user MaxRose4NY
snscrape twitter-user DarrigoMelanie
snscrape twitter-user MMViverito
snscrape twitter-user MelforProgress
snscrape twitter-user MrMikeBlake
snscrape twitter-user Weinstock2020
snscrape twitter-user MCaruso_Cabrera
snscrape twitter-user MondaireJones
snscrape twitter-user ngoroff
snscrape twitter-user Nate_McMurray
snscrape twitter-user NydiaVelazquez
snscrape twitter-user ReElectNydia
snscrape twitter-user PaperboyPrince
snscrape twitter-user Maher4Congress
snscrape twitter-user reppaultonko
snscrape twitter-user PaulTonko
snscrape twitter-user perrygershon
snscrape twitter-user PeteHarrisonNYC
snscrape twitter-user RitchieTorres
snscrape twitter-user WiltForCongress
snscrape twitter-user revrubendiaz
snscrape twitter-user SamelysLopez
snscrape twitter-user Ravelo4Congress
snscrape twitter-user sandraforqueens
snscrape twitter-user Noren4Congress
snscrape twitter-user repseanmaloney
snscrape twitter-user spmaloney
snscrape twitter-user Shaniyat2020
snscrape twitter-user surajpatelnyc
snscrape twitter-user TedraCobb
snscrape twitter-user tomas4congress
snscrape twitter-user RepTomSuozzi
snscrape twitter-user Tom_Suozzi
snscrape twitter-user MitranoForNY23
snscrape twitter-user ydanis
snscrape twitter-user RepYvetteClarke
snscrape twitter-user VoteYvette
snscrape twitter-user GarbarinoforNY
snscrape twitter-user montaga
snscrape twitter-user BethforCongress
snscrape twitter-user CarlosforNY12
snscrape twitter-user CathyCongress
snscrape twitter-user CheleFarley
snscrape twitter-user JacobsNY27
snscrape twitter-user cindyscorners
snscrape twitter-user claudiatenney
snscrape twitter-user ElectTuman
snscrape twitter-user douglastuman
snscrape twitter-user RepStefanik
snscrape twitter-user EliseStefanik
snscrape twitter-user LizLemeryJoy
snscrape twitter-user Santos4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Devolder
snscrape twitter-user GeorgeMitris1
snscrape twitter-user Phillips4George
snscrape twitter-user JoeCalNYC
snscrape twitter-user cummings2020
snscrape twitter-user RepJohnKatko
snscrape twitter-user Kyle4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepLeeZeldin
snscrape twitter-user leezeldin
snscrape twitter-user Love4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Maureen4NY
snscrape twitter-user TheMikeLiPetri
snscrape twitter-user NMalliotakis
snscrape twitter-user OlaForCongress
snscrape twitter-user OlaHawatmeh
snscrape twitter-user PD4Congress
snscrape twitter-user stefanmychajliw
snscrape twitter-user tomzmich2020
snscrape twitter-user tom_zmich
snscrape twitter-user RepTomReed
snscrape twitter-user TomReedCongress
snscrape twitter-user YehudisForNY
snscrape twitter-user DesiraFor
snscrape twitter-user AndrewKolstee
snscrape twitter-user BobCohen1
snscrape twitter-user WhitmerForNY27
snscrape twitter-user garypopkin
snscrape twitter-user HarryRBurger
snscrape twitter-user transportazumah
snscrape twitter-user JoshEisen17
snscrape twitter-user KevinWilsonROC
snscrape twitter-user mikegamms
snscrape twitter-user madrid4nyc
snscrape twitter-user kagemusha_
snscrape twitter-user MikeForBuffalo
snscrape twitter-user MrSmithCongress
snscrape twitter-user Greenfield4NY19
snscrape twitter-user stevenkolln
snscrape twitter-user Alexander4Cong1
snscrape twitter-user AtulGoelRaleigh
snscrape twitter-user CalforNC
snscrape twitter-user EricaforUSSen20
snscrape twitter-user fullerfornc
snscrape twitter-user TrevorMFuller
snscrape twitter-user LarryForNC
snscrape twitter-user SenThomTillis
snscrape twitter-user ThomTillis
snscrape twitter-user HayesforNC
snscrape twitter-user ShannonBrayNC
snscrape twitter-user noidentity29
snscrape twitter-user RepAdams
snscrape twitter-user AlmaforCongress
snscrape twitter-user AndyTerrellNC
snscrape twitter-user WardCongress
snscrape twitter-user ClaytonWBrooks
snscrape twitter-user WallaceCongress
snscrape twitter-user lockwood4nc
snscrape twitter-user Parker4NC10
snscrape twitter-user RepDavidEPrice
snscrape twitter-user DWB4Congress
snscrape twitter-user davidwbrown
snscrape twitter-user DeborahRossNC
snscrape twitter-user JustDerwin
snscrape twitter-user Collias4NC11
snscrape twitter-user GKButterfield
snscrape twitter-user harrysoutherlan
snscrape twitter-user KathyManningNC
snscrape twitter-user Judson4Congress
snscrape twitter-user oshea4congress
snscrape twitter-user monika4congress
snscrape twitter-user MJH1908
snscrape twitter-user MoeNc11
snscrape twitter-user ColMorrisDavis
snscrape twitter-user TimmonsGoodson
snscrape twitter-user Price4WNC
snscrape twitter-user rhonnief
snscrape twitter-user HuffmanForNC
snscrape twitter-user SteveWoodsmall
snscrape twitter-user swoodsmall
snscrape twitter-user swain4congress
snscrape twitter-user ChuckArcherdNC
snscrape twitter-user RepDanBishop
snscrape twitter-user jdanbishop
snscrape twitter-user RepDavidRouzer
snscrape twitter-user DavidRouzer
snscrape twitter-user SarkarforCD4
snscrape twitter-user ethanpbaca1
snscrape twitter-user RepGregMurphy
snscrape twitter-user GregMurphyMD
snscrape twitter-user GMMD4Greenville
snscrape twitter-user 1Haywood
snscrape twitter-user JoeyOsborneNC11
snscrape twitter-user LyndaBennettNC
snscrape twitter-user LyndaBennett
snscrape twitter-user CawthornforNC
snscrape twitter-user MicheleNixNC
snscrape twitter-user PatrickMcHenry
snscrape twitter-user McHenryCampaign
snscrape twitter-user RepRichHudson
snscrape twitter-user RichHudson
snscrape twitter-user robertthomasnc1
snscrape twitter-user SandySmithNC
snscrape twitter-user steveavonloor
snscrape twitter-user RepTedBudd
snscrape twitter-user buddforcongress
snscrape twitter-user virginiafoxx
snscrape twitter-user foxxforcongress
snscrape twitter-user TheWayneKing
snscrape twitter-user TerriEverett17
snscrape twitter-user JeffGre09936619
snscrape twitter-user JeffNc2
snscrape twitter-user ZwinakNC11
snscrape twitter-user TDeBruhl
snscrape twitter-user ZachforND
snscrape twitter-user RepArmstrongND
snscrape twitter-user Armstrong_ND
snscrape twitter-user armstrong_km
snscrape twitter-user GodfreyForOH16
snscrape twitter-user VoteAlaina2020
snscrape twitter-user alainashearer
snscrape twitter-user KilgoreOH15
snscrape twitter-user TimsDesiree
snscrape twitter-user EsotericMoyer
snscrape twitter-user HillaryMueri
snscrape twitter-user jaimecastleOH
snscrape twitter-user MrJamesJeromeB2
snscrape twitter-user Sites4Congress
snscrape twitter-user jeffreysites
snscrape twitter-user jennybell2020
snscrape twitter-user NewbyOH15
snscrape twitter-user joelbnewbyiii
snscrape twitter-user RepBeatty
snscrape twitter-user JoyceBeatty
snscrape twitter-user KateForCongress
snscrape twitter-user kate_schroder
snscrape twitter-user RepMarciaFudge
snscrape twitter-user mlfudge
snscrape twitter-user RepMarcyKaptur
snscrape twitter-user marcy_kaptur
snscrape twitter-user GuyetteOH8
snscrape twitter-user Plutocycle
snscrape twitter-user NewSpirit2020
snscrape twitter-user MikeLarsenOH
snscrape twitter-user mh4oh
snscrape twitter-user NickRubando
snscrape twitter-user NikkiFosterOH
snscrape twitter-user quentinforoh7
snscrape twitter-user karpusoh16
snscrape twitter-user ShannonFreshour
snscrape twitter-user RobertsOhioD6
snscrape twitter-user tariq_shabazz_
snscrape twitter-user RepTimRyan
snscrape twitter-user timryan
snscrape twitter-user DrVEnoch
snscrape twitter-user MXavierCarrigan
snscrape twitter-user RepAGonzalez
snscrape twitter-user anthonygonzalez
snscrape twitter-user RepBillJohnson
snscrape twitter-user JohnsonLeads
snscrape twitter-user repbobgibbs
snscrape twitter-user Bob_Gibbs
snscrape twitter-user boblatta
snscrape twitter-user latta4congress
snscrape twitter-user RepBradWenstrup
snscrape twitter-user BradWenstrup
snscrape twitter-user RepHagan
snscrape twitter-user KDSFurnishings
snscrape twitter-user RepDaveJoyce
snscrape twitter-user DaveJoyceOH14
snscrape twitter-user drdhennen
snscrape twitter-user Jim_Jordan
snscrape twitter-user Votejimjordan
snscrape twitter-user JonahSchulzOH
snscrape twitter-user schulzyyy8
snscrape twitter-user kennethfmorgan
snscrape twitter-user GoreLaverne
snscrape twitter-user lyrascongress
snscrape twitter-user RichardsonOH3
snscrape twitter-user RepMikeTurner
snscrape twitter-user MikeTurnerOH
snscrape twitter-user RJS4Ohio
snscrape twitter-user WestPointWeber
snscrape twitter-user st4oh
snscrape twitter-user HuntForCongress
snscrape twitter-user repstevechabot
snscrape twitter-user SteveChabot
snscrape twitter-user RepSteveStivers
snscrape twitter-user stevestivers
snscrape twitter-user RepBalderson
snscrape twitter-user Troy_Balderson
snscrape twitter-user warrendavidson
snscrape twitter-user Vote_Davidson
snscrape twitter-user NickMoss1103
snscrape twitter-user LapeforOhio
snscrape twitter-user electjstewart
snscrape twitter-user Kahn4C
snscrape twitter-user kevindkahn
snscrape twitter-user abbybroyles
snscrape twitter-user ElysabethBritt
snscrape twitter-user JimInhofe
snscrape twitter-user inhofeforsenate
snscrape twitter-user JjStitt
snscrape twitter-user TopBusinessWifi
snscrape twitter-user nesbit_ok
snscrape twitter-user JoanEFarr
snscrape twitter-user Murphy4USSenate
snscrape twitter-user danyell_lanier
snscrape twitter-user RepKendraHorn
snscrape twitter-user HornForCongress
snscrape twitter-user kojoforcongress
snscrape twitter-user ElectBrannon
snscrape twitter-user guild4congress
snscrape twitter-user ZoeCongress2020
snscrape twitter-user DavidHillOK
snscrape twitter-user RepFrankLucas
snscrape twitter-user FrankDLucas
snscrape twitter-user jakeamerrick
snscrape twitter-user Taylor4Oklahoma
snscrape twitter-user JanetBarresiOK
snscrape twitter-user repkevinhern
snscrape twitter-user krhern
snscrape twitter-user RepMullin
snscrape twitter-user MarkwayneMullin
snscrape twitter-user ballard_for
snscrape twitter-user miles4ok5
snscrape twitter-user CongressLandon
snscrape twitter-user stephaniebice
snscrape twitter-user NeeseForOK5
snscrape twitter-user TerryNeese1
snscrape twitter-user TomColeOK04
snscrape twitter-user richiecastaldo
snscrape twitter-user SenJeffMerkley
snscrape twitter-user JeffMerkley
snscrape twitter-user PerkinsForUSSen
snscrape twitter-user PJR4Senate
snscrape twitter-user realPauljRomero
snscrape twitter-user m_taher2009
snscrape twitter-user Ibra_Taher
snscrape twitter-user AlbertLee2020
snscrape twitter-user spenser2020
snscrape twitter-user SiebeforORD1
snscrape twitter-user ReynoldsforUs
snscrape twitter-user VaughnForOregon
snscrape twitter-user GoForDW
snscrape twitter-user Canning4Oregon
snscrape twitter-user doylecanning
snscrape twitter-user repblumenauer
snscrape twitter-user HeidiBriones
snscrape twitter-user JackDHoward
snscrape twitter-user JohnHolm4ORD2
snscrape twitter-user RepSchrader
snscrape twitter-user VoteSchrader
snscrape twitter-user mark_gamba
snscrape twitter-user NikforCongress
snscrape twitter-user RepPeterDeFazio
snscrape twitter-user defazio4oregon
snscrape twitter-user BarajasCampaign
snscrape twitter-user repbonamici
snscrape twitter-user alekskarlatos
snscrape twitter-user AmyforOregon
snscrape twitter-user BBGoddess13
snscrape twitter-user RomanForOregon
snscrape twitter-user SenatorBentz
snscrape twitter-user CliffBentz
snscrape twitter-user campbell4congr1
snscrape twitter-user hecker4congress
snscrape twitter-user JasonAAtkinson
snscrape twitter-user VoteCrumpacker
snscrape twitter-user joanna4oregon
snscrape twitter-user joey_nations
snscrape twitter-user justinforbend
snscrape twitter-user living4congress
snscrape twitter-user LivingstonREGRP
snscrape twitter-user fixitguy31
snscrape twitter-user KnuteBuehler
snscrape twitter-user ORMarkRoberts
snscrape twitter-user NelsonIjih
snscrape twitter-user TomHarrison4OR3
snscrape twitter-user CongBoyle
snscrape twitter-user RepBrendanBoyle
snscrape twitter-user rephoulahan
snscrape twitter-user houlahanforpa
snscrape twitter-user FinelloForPA
snscrape twitter-user RepConorLamb
snscrape twitter-user conorlambpa
snscrape twitter-user RepDwightEvans
snscrape twitter-user DwightEvansPA
snscrape twitter-user DePasqualePA
snscrape twitter-user DrGaryWegman
snscrape twitter-user Dickinson2020
snscrape twitter-user kristy4congress
snscrape twitter-user BeyondKristy
snscrape twitter-user electlauraquick
snscrape twitter-user Sonnekcongress
snscrape twitter-user RepDean
snscrape twitter-user MadeleineDean
snscrape twitter-user repmgs
snscrape twitter-user marygayscanlon
snscrape twitter-user RepCartwright
snscrape twitter-user CartwrightPA
snscrape twitter-user USRepMikeDoyle
snscrape twitter-user rep_doyle
snscrape twitter-user PaulforPA11
snscrape twitter-user williamsfor15
snscrape twitter-user sarahforus
snscrape twitter-user skylar4congress
snscrape twitter-user CryptoDemetrius
snscrape twitter-user RepSusanWild
snscrape twitter-user wildforcongress
snscrape twitter-user ToddRowleyPA13
snscrape twitter-user RToddRowley
snscrape twitter-user Brier4Congress
snscrape twitter-user BillforPA14
snscrape twitter-user MeehanCampaign
snscrape twitter-user repbrianfitz
snscrape twitter-user BrianFitzUSA
snscrape twitter-user RepMeuser
snscrape twitter-user Meuser4Congress
snscrape twitter-user DashaPruett
snscrape twitter-user DeanBrowningPA
snscrape twitter-user EarlforCongress
snscrape twitter-user RepFredKeller
snscrape twitter-user VoteFredKeller
snscrape twitter-user CongressmanGT
snscrape twitter-user GT_TeamGT
snscrape twitter-user GReschenthaler
snscrape twitter-user reschenthaler
snscrape twitter-user harryhaas
snscrape twitter-user Bognet4congress
snscrape twitter-user jimbognet
snscrape twitter-user Emmons4Congress
snscrape twitter-user johnwemmons
snscrape twitter-user RepJohnJoyce
snscrape twitter-user JohnJoyceForPA
snscrape twitter-user Kathy4Truth
snscrape twitter-user SchellerforPA
snscrape twitter-user RepSmucker
snscrape twitter-user LloydSmuckerPA
snscrape twitter-user LukeEdison20
snscrape twitter-user FriendsHarvey
snscrape twitter-user MikeKellyPA
snscrape twitter-user MikeKellyforPA
snscrape twitter-user MarsicanoPA8
snscrape twitter-user VoteRobJordan
snscrape twitter-user RepScottPerry
snscrape twitter-user PatriotsPerry
snscrape twitter-user SeanParnellUSA
snscrape twitter-user DanielsCongress
snscrape twitter-user DonNevills
snscrape twitter-user Joe4PA2020
snscrape twitter-user johnhmchugh
snscrape twitter-user LizT4Congress
snscrape twitter-user cz85b
snscrape twitter-user senjackreed
snscrape twitter-user jackreed2020
snscrape twitter-user watersforsenate
snscrape twitter-user AllenRWaters
snscrape twitter-user davidcicilline
snscrape twitter-user Dylan2DC
snscrape twitter-user JimLangevin
snscrape twitter-user LangevinForRI
snscrape twitter-user BobLancia
snscrape twitter-user harrisonjaime
snscrape twitter-user DukeforUSSenate
snscrape twitter-user JoeReynolds2020
snscrape twitter-user LindseyGrahamSC
snscrape twitter-user lapierre4senate
snscrape twitter-user Adair4Congress
snscrape twitter-user ClevelandHosea
snscrape twitter-user WhipClyburn
snscrape twitter-user ClyburnSC06
snscrape twitter-user RepCunningham
snscrape twitter-user JoeCunninghamSC
snscrape twitter-user KimforSC
snscrape twitter-user WelchforCongess
snscrape twitter-user melissawatsonf1
snscrape twitter-user MoeBrownSC
snscrape twitter-user SC5forMoe
snscrape twitter-user RobertQWilliam1
snscrape twitter-user WilliamHCowboy2
snscrape twitter-user Brad4Sc1
snscrape twitter-user ChrisCox2020
snscrape twitter-user RepJeffDuncan
snscrape twitter-user Duncan4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepJoeWilson
snscrape twitter-user TeamJoeWilson
snscrape twitter-user MccollumFor
snscrape twitter-user KathyLandingSC1
snscrape twitter-user KathyLanding
snscrape twitter-user NancyMace
snscrape twitter-user RepRalphNorman
snscrape twitter-user RalphNorman
snscrape twitter-user RepTomRice
snscrape twitter-user TomRiceSC7
snscrape twitter-user RepTimmons
snscrape twitter-user VoteTimmons
snscrape twitter-user CongressSonny4
snscrape twitter-user ahlers_dan
snscrape twitter-user senatorrounds
snscrape twitter-user RoundsforSenate
snscrape twitter-user RepDustyJohnson
snscrape twitter-user DustyJohnson
snscrape twitter-user James_Mackler
snscrape twitter-user MarkPickrell3
snscrape twitter-user Bradshaw2020
snscrape twitter-user MarquitaBrads15
snscrape twitter-user robin4senate
snscrape twitter-user alpettigrew1
snscrape twitter-user BillHagertyTN
snscrape twitter-user BushforSenate
snscrape twitter-user GeorgeFlinn
snscrape twitter-user GlenNeal8
snscrape twitter-user jonhenry4senate
snscrape twitter-user kent_morrell
snscrape twitter-user DrMannySenate
snscrape twitter-user CopeTN2020
snscrape twitter-user KaceyForSenate
snscrape twitter-user fapas4senate
snscrape twitter-user BlairWalsingham
snscrape twitter-user ChanceforTN
snscrape twitter-user ChrisForTN1
snscrape twitter-user chrisjollyhale
snscrape twitter-user PearsonCongress
snscrape twitter-user repjimcooper
snscrape twitter-user CoopForCongress
snscrape twitter-user voterawlings
snscrape twitter-user KeedaHaynes
snscrape twitter-user Kiran4congress
snscrape twitter-user larryfortn01
snscrape twitter-user Meg4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Noelle4TN
snscrape twitter-user HoyosInTheHouse
snscrape twitter-user RVHoyos
snscrape twitter-user RepCohen
snscrape twitter-user ReElectCohen
snscrape twitter-user RepChuck
snscrape twitter-user chuck4congress
snscrape twitter-user ElectBergmann
snscrape twitter-user DavidHawkForTN
snscrape twitter-user RepDavidKustoff
snscrape twitter-user DavidKustoff
snscrape twitter-user DHarshbargerTN1
snscrape twitter-user meyertn4
snscrape twitter-user votejohnclark
snscrape twitter-user repjohnrose
snscrape twitter-user JohnRoseforTN
snscrape twitter-user joshgapptn
snscrape twitter-user RepMarkGreen
snscrape twitter-user DrMarkGreen4TN
snscrape twitter-user phil4house
snscrape twitter-user Crowe4Congress
snscrape twitter-user DesJarlaisTN04
snscrape twitter-user tndesjarlais
snscrape twitter-user RepTimBurchett
snscrape twitter-user timburchett
snscrape twitter-user timothyhilltn1
snscrape twitter-user CMonday4Liberty
snscrape twitter-user dennisdacomic
snscrape twitter-user RonaldB35121782
snscrape twitter-user ForVieira
snscrape twitter-user TxReason
snscrape twitter-user AmandaForTexas
snscrape twitter-user AnnieMamaGarcia
snscrape twitter-user BellForSenate
snscrape twitter-user cristinafortx
snscrape twitter-user JackDanielFost1
snscrape twitter-user mjhegar
snscrape twitter-user RoyceWestTX
snscrape twitter-user SenRoyceWest
snscrape twitter-user Sema4Texas
snscrape twitter-user _SemaHernandez_
snscrape twitter-user victorfortexas
snscrape twitter-user DwayneStovall
snscrape twitter-user realJohnACastro
snscrape twitter-user JohnCornyn
snscrape twitter-user TeamCornyn
snscrape twitter-user votemarkyancey
snscrape twitter-user tucker85443170
snscrape twitter-user Ric4SenateTx
snscrape twitter-user PaRaDiSeism
snscrape twitter-user Mckennon2020
snscrape twitter-user AdrBell
snscrape twitter-user RepAlGreen
snscrape twitter-user RepAlGreenTX
snscrape twitter-user BMalloryCaraway
snscrape twitter-user bimal2020
snscrape twitter-user candacefor24
snscrape twitter-user caroltx26
snscrape twitter-user IannuzziCarol
snscrape twitter-user SalterforTexas
snscrape twitter-user charlie07011393
snscrape twitter-user DrChristineMann
snscrape twitter-user RepColinAllred
snscrape twitter-user ColinAllredTX
snscrape twitter-user Fletcher4_TX24
snscrape twitter-user DanJan4Congress
snscrape twitter-user danjan111
snscrape twitter-user JaramilloForTX
snscrape twitter-user ReedForCongress
snscrape twitter-user donnaimamTX
snscrape twitter-user RepEBJ
snscrape twitter-user fisher_tx14
snscrape twitter-user ElisaCardnell
snscrape twitter-user LizForTX8
snscrape twitter-user erichanke
snscrape twitter-user RepFilemonVela
snscrape twitter-user FilemonVela
snscrape twitter-user GinaOrtizJones
snscrape twitter-user gtsagan
snscrape twitter-user GusForTX
snscrape twitter-user GusLTrujillo
snscrape twitter-user Hank4Texas
snscrape twitter-user Hasani4Progress
snscrape twitter-user HasaniBurton
snscrape twitter-user HeidiSloanForTX
snscrape twitter-user RepCuellar
snscrape twitter-user CuellarCampaign
snscrape twitter-user JaimeEscuder
snscrape twitter-user janforcongress
snscrape twitter-user JennieLouLeeder
snscrape twitter-user JerryFordSr
snscrape twitter-user Playball123urou
snscrape twitter-user JCisnerosTX
snscrape twitter-user JoaquinCastrotx
snscrape twitter-user Castro4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Biggan4Congress
snscrape twitter-user jonmarkhogg
snscrape twitter-user JulieOliverTX
snscrape twitter-user KimOlsonTx
snscrape twitter-user CongressLaura
snscrape twitter-user Welch_tx
snscrape twitter-user RepFletcher
snscrape twitter-user Lizzie4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RepLloydDoggett
snscrape twitter-user LloydDoggettTX
snscrape twitter-user LuluForTexas
snscrape twitter-user RepVeasey
snscrape twitter-user MarcVeasey
snscrape twitter-user Mat4Texas
snscrape twitter-user MelissaMechell1
snscrape twitter-user MikalDWilliams
snscrape twitter-user SiegelForTexas
snscrape twitter-user NLDCongress
snscrape twitter-user neildurrance
snscrape twitter-user NyanzaMoore
snscrape twitter-user priteshgandhimd
snscrape twitter-user RLewis4Congress
snscrape twitter-user FlemingforTX24
snscrape twitter-user RickKennedyTX17
snscrape twitter-user RobertTCongress
snscrape twitter-user hostetler_rob
snscrape twitter-user roseyfortx23
snscrape twitter-user RussellFosterTX
snscrape twitter-user samvega2020
snscrape twitter-user bsanjanetta
snscrape twitter-user seanmccaffity
snscrape twitter-user sean_mccaffity
snscrape twitter-user Shannon4Texas
snscrape twitter-user JacksonLeeTX18
snscrape twitter-user sjl4hrc
snscrape twitter-user ClevelandFor30
snscrape twitter-user Shae_Cleveland
snscrape twitter-user SimaforTX
snscrape twitter-user SriPKulkarni
snscrape twitter-user stephendaniel
snscrape twitter-user Stevens_Orozco
snscrape twitter-user RepSylviaGarcia
snscrape twitter-user LaCongresista
snscrape twitter-user TammyYoungfor31
snscrape twitter-user TannerDoTX3
snscrape twitter-user TomWatsonTX19
snscrape twitter-user travisolsen2020
snscrape twitter-user RepEscobar
snscrape twitter-user vgescobar
snscrape twitter-user RepGonzalez
snscrape twitter-user VoteVicente
snscrape twitter-user wendydavis
snscrape twitter-user realaaronhermes
snscrape twitter-user abhiramlovesusa
snscrape twitter-user ureste4congress
snscrape twitter-user AliaDGarciaUres
snscrape twitter-user arredondo_lynch
snscrape twitter-user AnitaKegley10
snscrape twitter-user AgueroForTexas
snscrape twitter-user Asusena4TX
snscrape twitter-user AugustPfluger
snscrape twitter-user avaforcongress
snscrape twitter-user Reddy4Congress
snscrape twitter-user BangarReddy
snscrape twitter-user vanwinkle4tx23
snscrape twitter-user Bethvanduyne
snscrape twitter-user batchfortexas
snscrape twitter-user RepBrianBabin
snscrape twitter-user Babin4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Brian_Babin
snscrape twitter-user caseygraytx11
snscrape twitter-user Catherine13th
snscrape twitter-user cathycarrgcac
snscrape twitter-user 2020_Burt
snscrape twitter-user RepChipRoy
snscrape twitter-user chiproytx
snscrape twitter-user ekstromfortexas
snscrape twitter-user putnamfortexas
snscrape twitter-user ChrisWallTX
snscrape twitter-user CindySiegelTX7
snscrape twitter-user RepDanCrenshaw
snscrape twitter-user DanCrenshawTX
snscrape twitter-user darwinfor23
snscrape twitter-user DCfegan
snscrape twitter-user DS4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Polatik254
snscrape twitter-user desiforcongress
snscrape twitter-user DianaMillerTX
snscrape twitter-user DominickDina
snscrape twitter-user ElectDonHill
snscrape twitter-user ElaineHaysTX
snscrape twitter-user ElainesEco
snscrape twitter-user FCV2020Campaign
snscrape twitter-user FloydMcLendon
snscrape twitter-user gcforcongress
snscrape twitter-user GeorgeWHindman
snscrape twitter-user GregHillTX
snscrape twitter-user HowardSteele20
snscrape twitter-user howardsteele5
snscrape twitter-user ArmendarizDis16
snscrape twitter-user amazingurl09
snscrape twitter-user jackwymanTX
snscrape twitter-user JaimeArriola_
snscrape twitter-user JaimyBlanco
snscrape twitter-user JBerryhillTX11
snscrape twitter-user JamieBerryhill3
snscrape twitter-user ForCulley
snscrape twitter-user JasonforTX
snscrape twitter-user JasonMrochek
snscrape twitter-user JeffMcFarlinTX
snscrape twitter-user jenny4congress
snscrape twitter-user noteware4hou
snscrape twitter-user RepArrington
snscrape twitter-user JodeyArrington
snscrape twitter-user JoeWalzTX22
snscrape twitter-user JudgeCarter
snscrape twitter-user JudgeJohnCarter
snscrape twitter-user for_teague
snscrape twitter-user RepRatcliffe
snscrape twitter-user camarillo4house
snscrape twitter-user hollis4congress
snscrape twitter-user ForMenefee
snscrape twitter-user FoxworthFor14
snscrape twitter-user WinegarnerTX
snscrape twitter-user LacyforCongress
snscrape twitter-user JRoss_Lacy
snscrape twitter-user WallforTX
snscrape twitter-user RepKayGranger
snscrape twitter-user GrangerCampaign
snscrape twitter-user KeithNeuendorff
snscrape twitter-user RepKevinBrady
snscrape twitter-user bradyfortexas
snscrape twitter-user Kirk4Congress
snscrape twitter-user LaiqueRehman1
snscrape twitter-user Lancegooden
snscrape twitter-user replouiegohmert
snscrape twitter-user LouieGohmertTX1
snscrape twitter-user MariaforAmerica
snscrape twitter-user Hinton4Matt
snscrape twitter-user myarmstrongtx
snscrape twitter-user michaelcburgess
snscrape twitter-user DrBurgessTX
snscrape twitter-user RepCloudTX
snscrape twitter-user MichaelJCloud
snscrape twitter-user RepMcCaul
snscrape twitter-user McCaulforTexas
snscrape twitter-user monica4congress
snscrape twitter-user MillironTX
snscrape twitter-user nathanmilliron
snscrape twitter-user votenickmoutos
snscrape twitter-user FallonForTexas
snscrape twitter-user prolifeveteran
snscrape twitter-user SessionsTX17
snscrape twitter-user PeteSessions
snscrape twitter-user PierceBush
snscrape twitter-user TXRandy14
snscrape twitter-user WeberforTexas
snscrape twitter-user Raul4Congress
snscrape twitter-user ReneeSwann4TX
snscrape twitter-user reygonzalez34
snscrape twitter-user RichHermanTX
snscrape twitter-user Vote4Boatman
snscrape twitter-user Cadena4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RMCadena
snscrape twitter-user tucker_us
snscrape twitter-user RepRWilliams
snscrape twitter-user RogerWilliamsTX
snscrape twitter-user RepRonWright
snscrape twitter-user ron4congress
snscrape twitter-user RonnyJackson4TX
snscrape twitter-user krause4freedom
snscrape twitter-user votesamuelwill1
snscrape twitter-user texas_sandra
snscrape twitter-user blandfortexas
snscrape twitter-user phan4congress
snscrape twitter-user shandonphan
snscrape twitter-user Thomas4Texas
snscrape twitter-user SunnyforTX24
snscrape twitter-user TCManning
snscrape twitter-user twestley777
snscrape twitter-user toddfortx
snscrape twitter-user TonyGonzales4TX
snscrape twitter-user trentsuttontx
snscrape twitter-user sgt_pennie
snscrape twitter-user SheriffTNehls
snscrape twitter-user TroyNehls
snscrape twitter-user VanceSniderIi1
snscrape twitter-user RepVanTaylor
snscrape twitter-user VanTaylorTX
snscrape twitter-user ChampionTx2020
snscrape twitter-user WesleyHuntTX
snscrape twitter-user WesleyVirdell
snscrape twitter-user TX35CDHayward
snscrape twitter-user T35cd
snscrape twitter-user accionamerica
snscrape twitter-user jmata146
snscrape twitter-user jasonxsigmon
snscrape twitter-user MarkBauer
snscrape twitter-user Welton4US
snscrape twitter-user JonesTXCongress
snscrape twitter-user CristoDude
snscrape twitter-user ElectMowrey
snscrape twitter-user clarkpatterso12
snscrape twitter-user ClarkPatterson
snscrape twitter-user DHamilton2020
snscrape twitter-user VoteScheirman
snscrape twitter-user LOLLIOTT
snscrape twitter-user HaleGive
snscrape twitter-user LukeSpencer2020
snscrape twitter-user PhilKurtz3
snscrape twitter-user ShawnKelly2020
snscrape twitter-user Wakely2020
snscrape twitter-user TreyHolcomb
snscrape twitter-user WaceyCody
snscrape twitter-user RepBenMcAdams
snscrape twitter-user BenMcAdams
snscrape twitter-user Beckstrand2020
snscrape twitter-user darrenforutah
snscrape twitter-user devindthorpe
snscrape twitter-user cheekforutah
snscrape twitter-user jaredforutah
snscrape twitter-user KaelWeston
snscrape twitter-user electlivingston
snscrape twitter-user treyrob2020
snscrape twitter-user ElectBlakeMoore
snscrape twitter-user BurgessOwens
snscrape twitter-user CarsonJorg
snscrape twitter-user ChrisBiesinger
snscrape twitter-user repchrisstewart
snscrape twitter-user stewartforutah
snscrape twitter-user DurbanoForUtah
snscrape twitter-user WallackUT1
snscrape twitter-user JayMcfarland
snscrape twitter-user RepJohnCurtis
snscrape twitter-user CurtisUT
snscrape twitter-user KathleenforUtah
snscrape twitter-user KatieWitt
snscrape twitter-user kerrygibsonutah
snscrape twitter-user kimfcoleman
snscrape twitter-user UnlimitedUtah
snscrape twitter-user unlimitedutah
snscrape twitter-user Burkett4Utah
snscrape twitter-user TinaCannonUtah
snscrape twitter-user realTyJensen
snscrape twitter-user Gear6A
snscrape twitter-user teamjonia2020
snscrape twitter-user freeutahns
snscrape twitter-user PeterWelch
snscrape twitter-user WelchForVT
snscrape twitter-user AnyaTynio
snscrape twitter-user PythonRodriguez
snscrape twitter-user Justin_Tuthill
snscrape twitter-user CrisEricson2020
snscrape twitter-user MarkWarner
snscrape twitter-user MarkWarnerVa
snscrape twitter-user baldwinfors
snscrape twitter-user MadamPres1
snscrape twitter-user gadeforvirginia
snscrape twitter-user Speciale4VA
snscrape twitter-user aldous16
snscrape twitter-user RepSpanberger
snscrape twitter-user SpanbergerVA07
snscrape twitter-user RepMcEachin
snscrape twitter-user Donald_McEachin
snscrape twitter-user DrCameronWebb
snscrape twitter-user clairerussova
snscrape twitter-user RepDonBeyer
snscrape twitter-user DonBeyerVA
snscrape twitter-user RepElaineLuria
snscrape twitter-user ElaineLuriaVA
snscrape twitter-user GerryConnolly
snscrape twitter-user electconnolly
snscrape twitter-user RepWexton
snscrape twitter-user JenniferWexton
snscrape twitter-user johnforva
snscrape twitter-user VoteForBetts
snscrape twitter-user QasimRashid
snscrape twitter-user cazel4congress
snscrape twitter-user bobbyscott
snscrape twitter-user bobbyscott4va3
snscrape twitter-user rdhjr
snscrape twitter-user Vangie4Congress
snscrape twitter-user VangieWilliams
snscrape twitter-user zainabmohsini
snscrape twitter-user alisciaandrews
snscrape twitter-user AndrewKnaggsVA
snscrape twitter-user RepBenCline
snscrape twitter-user Cline4Virginia
snscrape twitter-user LoyolaForVA
snscrape twitter-user GoodForCongress
snscrape twitter-user RepRiggleman
snscrape twitter-user Denver4VA
snscrape twitter-user RepMGriffith
snscrape twitter-user morgangriffith
snscrape twitter-user JaromeBellVA
snscrape twitter-user JasonRobergeVA
snscrape twitter-user JefferyADoveJr
snscrape twitter-user JeffJordan2020
snscrape twitter-user johncollick
snscrape twitter-user JohnMcGuire4VA
snscrape twitter-user Leon4Congress
snscrape twitter-user LeonBenjamin
snscrape twitter-user MDowns4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Manga4Congress
snscrape twitter-user mark_ellmore
snscrape twitter-user MvgaUs
snscrape twitter-user NickForVA
snscrape twitter-user GreenwaldVA07
snscrape twitter-user RobWittman
snscrape twitter-user reelectWittman
snscrape twitter-user RobJonesVA
snscrape twitter-user SCOTTTAYLORVA
snscrape twitter-user TinaRamirezVA
snscrape twitter-user RepDickerson
snscrape twitter-user RsvpTruth
snscrape twitter-user BethDoglio
snscrape twitter-user ElectLong
snscrape twitter-user Armitage2020WA
snscrape twitter-user RepAdamSmith
snscrape twitter-user electadamsmith
snscrape twitter-user Elect_DaveW
snscrape twitter-user RepDerekKilmer
snscrape twitter-user DerekKilmer
snscrape twitter-user vote4mckinley
snscrape twitter-user LeMay4Congress
snscrape twitter-user HughesHageman
snscrape twitter-user JAMESMI47960119
snscrape twitter-user CallForCongress
snscrape twitter-user repkimschrier
snscrape twitter-user DrKimSchrier
snscrape twitter-user electkmreeveswa
snscrape twitter-user StricklandforWA
snscrape twitter-user gardnerphil
snscrape twitter-user RepJayapal
snscrape twitter-user PramilaJayapal
snscrape twitter-user RebeccaforWA
snscrape twitter-user RepRickLarsen
snscrape twitter-user larsenrick
snscrape twitter-user RepDelBene
snscrape twitter-user SuzanDelBene
snscrape twitter-user cathymcmorris
snscrape twitter-user teamcmr
snscrape twitter-user repnewhouse
snscrape twitter-user Newhouse4Rep
snscrape twitter-user votedeanjohnson
snscrape twitter-user forhewett
snscrape twitter-user dougbasler
snscrape twitter-user cleanupthehouse
snscrape twitter-user jacksonmaynard8
snscrape twitter-user herrerabeutler
snscrape twitter-user JaimeForUSRep
snscrape twitter-user Beeler4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JesseJensen2020
snscrape twitter-user Swank4America
snscrape twitter-user ElectNancyforUS
snscrape twitter-user ndslotnick
snscrape twitter-user IngrimRian
snscrape twitter-user RyanTate4WA10
snscrape twitter-user SarenaSloot2020
snscrape twitter-user majorstephent
snscrape twitter-user Hazelo4congress
snscrape twitter-user smoak2020
snscrape twitter-user martin_hash
snscrape twitter-user Heinessight
snscrape twitter-user Joshua4Congress
snscrape twitter-user TimUyWA
snscrape twitter-user paulajean2020
snscrape twitter-user VoteOjeda2020
snscrape twitter-user Whitt4WV
snscrape twitter-user SenCapito
snscrape twitter-user CapitoforWV
snscrape twitter-user Kunkel4Congress
snscrape twitter-user votelacy
snscrape twitter-user HilaryTurnerWV
snscrape twitter-user NatalieClineWV
snscrape twitter-user RepAlexMooney
snscrape twitter-user MooneyforWV
snscrape twitter-user RepCarolMiller
snscrape twitter-user CarolMillerWV
snscrape twitter-user RepMcKinley
snscrape twitter-user McKinleyforWV
snscrape twitter-user AmandaStuck8
snscrape twitter-user RepGwenMoore
snscrape twitter-user Gwen4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JessicaKing6th
snscrape twitter-user JoshPade
snscrape twitter-user DrMark_3rdCD_WI
snscrape twitter-user repmarkpocan
snscrape twitter-user MarkPocan
snscrape twitter-user boor4c
snscrape twitter-user mbeardsleyWI06
snscrape twitter-user RogerforWI
snscrape twitter-user RepRonKind
snscrape twitter-user KindforCongress
snscrape twitter-user tomforwi
snscrape twitter-user tompalz
snscrape twitter-user TriciaforWI
snscrape twitter-user repbryansteil
snscrape twitter-user BryanSteilforWI
snscrape twitter-user DetempleCliff
snscrape twitter-user derrickvanorden
snscrape twitter-user REPGROTHMAN
snscrape twitter-user GrothmanforWI
snscrape twitter-user JasonChurchWI
snscrape twitter-user JessiEbbenWI
snscrape twitter-user opelamichael
snscrape twitter-user RepGallagher
snscrape twitter-user MikeforWI
snscrape twitter-user petertheron
snscrape twitter-user FitzgeraldForWI
snscrape twitter-user RogersforCong
snscrape twitter-user RepTiffany
snscrape twitter-user TomTiffanyWI
snscrape twitter-user DebrineKirk
snscrape twitter-user MBenDavid2020
snscrape twitter-user WendtforWyoming
snscrape twitter-user forwyo
snscrape twitter-user BMiller4Senate
snscrape twitter-user CynthiaMLummis
snscrape twitter-user DonnaForWyoming
snscrape twitter-user BeachforWyoming
snscrape twitter-user VoteHafner
snscrape twitter-user GreyBull4WY
snscrape twitter-user RepLizCheney
snscrape twitter-user Liz_Cheney
snscrape twitter-user johnhmerrill
snscrape twitter-user citizenmike2020
snscrape twitter-user sickof_dc
snscrape twitter-user thomascassonAL
snscrape twitter-user DismukesWill
snscrape twitter-user TheDeprogrammer
snscrape twitter-user Nelson4Alaskans
snscrape twitter-user indenpendentcoa
snscrape twitter-user PtLps
snscrape twitter-user SenBarbMcGuire
snscrape twitter-user taliaforscience
snscrape twitter-user hindleskitchen
snscrape twitter-user taylor4arizona
snscrape twitter-user von_behr
snscrape twitter-user officialjoevess
snscrape twitter-user MooreForAZ2020
snscrape twitter-user Wadsack4Arizona
snscrape twitter-user JustineWadsack
snscrape twitter-user shay_stautz
snscrape twitter-user taylor_usmc72
snscrape twitter-user GN
snscrape twitter-user TalibanHendrix
snscrape twitter-user tom4congressaz
snscrape twitter-user joshuamahony
snscrape twitter-user DanWhitCongress
snscrape twitter-user AGlassBlake
snscrape twitter-user aishabbwahab
snscrape twitter-user AndreQuintero
snscrape twitter-user Christopher_C_S
snscrape twitter-user gincandres
snscrape twitter-user Peacock4CA42
snscrape twitter-user PaulaKahn2020
snscrape twitter-user Magic_4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SamBethechange
snscrape twitter-user Frame4Congress
snscrape twitter-user seanframe
snscrape twitter-user LiamOMaraIV
snscrape twitter-user 8aularodriguez
snscrape twitter-user AngelaForCA25
snscrape twitter-user B_Woolworth
snscrape twitter-user charlesforCA10
snscrape twitter-user JeffDenham
snscrape twitter-user LarryWilske
snscrape twitter-user WilskeLarry
snscrape twitter-user votemarkcripe
snscrape twitter-user Markccripe
snscrape twitter-user MimiWaltersCA
snscrape twitter-user NateTweetsStuff
snscrape twitter-user NateW4Congress
snscrape twitter-user pkforca36
snscrape twitter-user raulruizca36
snscrape twitter-user RayGennawey
snscrape twitter-user JoinRocky
snscrape twitter-user suzettemartinez
snscrape twitter-user cortes4congress
snscrape twitter-user Melissa4House
snscrape twitter-user congressdoober
snscrape twitter-user ElectShannel
snscrape twitter-user davidedickjr
snscrape twitter-user fgforcongress
snscrape twitter-user votefuji
snscrape twitter-user Keys_2020
snscrape twitter-user AliceforCO
snscrape twitter-user COSenWilliams
snscrape twitter-user danbbaer
snscrape twitter-user DaveGoldfischer
snscrape twitter-user dgoldfis
snscrape twitter-user Diana4Colorado
snscrape twitter-user Leitzel4CO
snscrape twitter-user EllenBurnes
snscrape twitter-user ErikMUnderwood
snscrape twitter-user johnwalshco
snscrape twitter-user lorenaforsenate
snscrape twitter-user mcfwarren
snscrape twitter-user StephanyForCO
snscrape twitter-user trish_zornio
snscrape twitter-user margotdupre1
snscrape twitter-user vmbellamy
snscrape twitter-user yaynewfriend
snscrape twitter-user DannySkellyUSA
snscrape twitter-user JoeyCamp2020
snscrape twitter-user BocchinoBrandon
snscrape twitter-user extantCMW
snscrape twitter-user crisantaduran
snscrape twitter-user DonaldValdezCO
snscrape twitter-user Ike4CO
snscrape twitter-user IkeMcCorkle
snscrape twitter-user RealHJohnson
snscrape twitter-user mepratschler
snscrape twitter-user melanietomitsch
snscrape twitter-user NathanClayCO
snscrape twitter-user RyanLucas4CO
snscrape twitter-user CutcherWilliam
snscrape twitter-user eduffett
snscrape twitter-user Ken4Colorado
snscrape twitter-user kylefurey
snscrape twitter-user votefiorino
snscrape twitter-user AlexJohnson4CO
snscrape twitter-user anthonymalgieri
snscrape twitter-user realBettyDang
snscrape twitter-user rfhyde1
snscrape twitter-user rodriguezus2020
snscrape twitter-user RyanTMeehan
snscrape twitter-user AndrewLearned
snscrape twitter-user drdenagrayson
snscrape twitter-user HendrithSmith
snscrape twitter-user HichamAmmi
snscrape twitter-user imtiazahmad1966
snscrape twitter-user andyimtiaz
snscrape twitter-user Isaiah4Congress
snscrape twitter-user KristyThripp
snscrape twitter-user leah2526
snscrape twitter-user votehepburn
snscrape twitter-user ReforgeAmerica
snscrape twitter-user iamroshanmody
snscrape twitter-user sufiyahyasmine
snscrape twitter-user YadiraCongress
snscrape twitter-user chellediangelus
snscrape twitter-user eddisonwalters
snscrape twitter-user EdgardoLSilva
snscrape twitter-user fordoconnell
snscrape twitter-user GabeElect
snscrape twitter-user Fairygrl30
snscrape twitter-user Heatherfitz8
snscrape twitter-user RepFitzenhagen
snscrape twitter-user irinavilarino
snscrape twitter-user CurnowJacob
snscrape twitter-user BrownUSCongress
snscrape twitter-user KentGuinnFL
snscrape twitter-user kirktroen
snscrape twitter-user lateresajones
snscrape twitter-user MatthewLusk15
snscrape twitter-user 4USAFreedom
snscrape twitter-user MikeT4Congress
snscrape twitter-user RMendelsonPhD
snscrape twitter-user SeanPJackson1
snscrape twitter-user PerskyFor
snscrape twitter-user Delia2020CD7
snscrape twitter-user HughesCongrFL25
snscrape twitter-user tomhughes8318
snscrape twitter-user votedegrammont
snscrape twitter-user vgarciadarosa
snscrape twitter-user realZacSmith
snscrape twitter-user KarenVaughn_GSM
snscrape twitter-user mskforcongress
snscrape twitter-user eagle4congress
snscrape twitter-user KwCongressional
snscrape twitter-user OmarUSFL22
snscrape twitter-user SylviaCaravetta
snscrape twitter-user amun4senate
snscrape twitter-user akhenatenhamun
snscrape twitter-user ShouseHal
snscrape twitter-user DAYDREAMER2640
snscrape twitter-user tedterry1
snscrape twitter-user DarrellMcGuir13
snscrape twitter-user Rodair01Mack
snscrape twitter-user ACHforCongress
snscrape twitter-user AntwonS2020
snscrape twitter-user VoteNuckolls
snscrape twitter-user ElrodFor
snscrape twitter-user Keisha4Congress
snscrape twitter-user AbleMable56
snscrape twitter-user ColeForGA
snscrape twitter-user kinsey4congress
snscrape twitter-user rodforcongress
snscrape twitter-user BeachforGA
snscrape twitter-user KenYasger
snscrape twitter-user KenGASOS
snscrape twitter-user kyleaperkins
snscrape twitter-user LerahLeeforGA7
snscrape twitter-user Nicole4Congress
snscrape twitter-user ANameUTrust
snscrape twitter-user dcornejo
snscrape twitter-user kaikahele
snscrape twitter-user HarryJosephFri1
snscrape twitter-user electpaulette
snscrape twitter-user realTravisOler
snscrape twitter-user KevinRhoadesID
snscrape twitter-user TeamStavaMurray
snscrape twitter-user Chooselove
snscrape twitter-user Preston4Congres
snscrape twitter-user ChadKoppie
snscrape twitter-user patricksenate
snscrape twitter-user AbeMatthew
snscrape twitter-user wangcongress
snscrape twitter-user TheBaerCave
snscrape twitter-user leatherwood2020
snscrape twitter-user GeorgePetrilli
snscrape twitter-user faheemforcongr1
snscrape twitter-user Swisher4IL
snscrape twitter-user alexwalker2020
snscrape twitter-user Farrell4Congres
snscrape twitter-user Evelynetti
snscrape twitter-user tillman_ii
snscrape twitter-user bambenek
snscrape twitter-user kentgray1
snscrape twitter-user mattquigleyil14
snscrape twitter-user TomWilda2020
snscrape twitter-user joekopsick
snscrape twitter-user barrywelsh_usa
snscrape twitter-user mwebforcongress
snscrape twitter-user harmon4Indiana
snscrape twitter-user harmon4Indiana
snscrape twitter-user warner4liberty
snscrape twitter-user MarkElworthJr
snscrape twitter-user trymabu
snscrape twitter-user JSchoenblatt
snscrape twitter-user tjkedley
snscrape twitter-user votetimforcong1
snscrape twitter-user TimBorchardt
snscrape twitter-user barrygrissomks
snscrape twitter-user BoydaNancy
snscrape twitter-user reddiforsenate
snscrape twitter-user pruitt4kansas
snscrape twitter-user bryanpruitt
snscrape twitter-user WagleforKansas
snscrape twitter-user troywaymaster
snscrape twitter-user stevencoxusa
snscrape twitter-user louis_grider
snscrape twitter-user kysenator2020
snscrape twitter-user chuckeddy
snscrape twitter-user sugarb40
snscrape twitter-user ddrewknight
snscrape twitter-user MV_VinnyMendoza
snscrape twitter-user brody_marks
snscrape twitter-user LeeDugas2001
snscrape twitter-user Verone4Congress
snscrape twitter-user ElectSloan
snscrape twitter-user RichTorregano
snscrape twitter-user rossformaine
snscrape twitter-user DerekME2020
snscrape twitter-user Lady_VanHelsing
snscrape twitter-user ForFogg
snscrape twitter-user TreasurerHiatt
snscrape twitter-user joeardito2020
snscrape twitter-user beroforcongress
snscrape twitter-user MHJForCongress
snscrape twitter-user MichaelYadeta
snscrape twitter-user AnbuJr010
snscrape twitter-user AmberMIvey
snscrape twitter-user HerrickMD6
snscrape twitter-user shannonforma
snscrape twitter-user pembertonforma
snscrape twitter-user KOCforSenate
snscrape twitter-user BriannaWu
snscrape twitter-user Bri_Wu
snscrape twitter-user LPeterson2020
snscrape twitter-user aVoice4MA6
snscrape twitter-user nickjmatthew
snscrape twitter-user iAmRdEp
snscrape twitter-user JohnFCain1
snscrape twitter-user rainbowredpink1
snscrape twitter-user MrJonLott
snscrape twitter-user BobCarrUSSenate
snscrape twitter-user GrayForMI06
snscrape twitter-user brunzealous
snscrape twitter-user AMCarbonaro
snscrape twitter-user CBforCongress
snscrape twitter-user cathyalbro
snscrape twitter-user DouglasJBooth
snscrape twitter-user lindaforMI
snscrape twitter-user mclauss2020
snscrape twitter-user ColvinForMI
snscrape twitter-user voteforsenan
snscrape twitter-user DrBishamSingh
snscrape twitter-user Mikula2020
snscrape twitter-user EllenCFitch4
snscrape twitter-user RepJimLower
snscrape twitter-user JoelMCGA
snscrape twitter-user CongressNikki
snscrape twitter-user piwko_s
snscrape twitter-user RickOlsonMN
snscrape twitter-user AmySlepr
snscrape twitter-user DavidCanny4con
snscrape twitter-user Jeff_for_6th
snscrape twitter-user realJoeHartman
snscrape twitter-user lisaforliberty
snscrape twitter-user robsenate
snscrape twitter-user AlberderG
snscrape twitter-user SpolarichforCD8
snscrape twitter-user hajiforhouse
snscrape twitter-user IanToddforMN
snscrape twitter-user JohnnyAkzam
snscrape twitter-user Leilaformncd5
snscrape twitter-user marje2020
snscrape twitter-user KaehlerMNSenate
snscrape twitter-user FlynnForslund
snscrape twitter-user WaterburyAlley
snscrape twitter-user BrentWhaleyMN
snscrape twitter-user CashinforMN
snscrape twitter-user zeilerkerry
snscrape twitter-user CongressTurner
snscrape twitter-user GodisHere2day4U
snscrape twitter-user TravisEkbom
snscrape twitter-user Antirepublocrat
snscrape twitter-user usrepmoore
snscrape twitter-user ministertoya45
snscrape twitter-user garyeheyer
snscrape twitter-user ericharvidson
snscrape twitter-user KatyforCongress
snscrape twitter-user Ryan_4Congress
snscrape twitter-user SlickVic5446
snscrape twitter-user MrAnthonyRogers
snscrape twitter-user ClayChastain1
snscrape twitter-user kevinvanstory
snscrape twitter-user alexforus
snscrape twitter-user ElvisAndHisMom
snscrape twitter-user mvschulte
snscrape twitter-user RobinRD4MO
snscrape twitter-user TomSchmitzEsq
snscrape twitter-user coraforMT
snscrape twitter-user SeckForSenate
snscrape twitter-user JustASeck406
snscrape twitter-user CollinsWilmot
snscrape twitter-user RainsforMT
snscrape twitter-user TJ4MT
snscrape twitter-user morgann_freeman
snscrape twitter-user Justin40064022
snscrape twitter-user ElfgrenBill
snscrape twitter-user AllenRheinhart
snscrape twitter-user NursePratoNV
snscrape twitter-user anointedjaylon
snscrape twitter-user leodunson
snscrape twitter-user GaryCrispin
snscrape twitter-user TomAlciere
snscrape twitter-user GerardBeloin
snscrape twitter-user OBrienForNH
snscrape twitter-user ODonnell4NH
snscrape twitter-user mattb2020vision
snscrape twitter-user AndrewOlding
snscrape twitter-user mstrof6furlongs
snscrape twitter-user StuartForNJ
snscrape twitter-user StuartMeissner
snscrape twitter-user DrK4Congress
snscrape twitter-user AshleyBennettNJ
snscrape twitter-user jwkeady
snscrape twitter-user johnhsu2020
snscrape twitter-user markwashburne
snscrape twitter-user Michael_Wildes
snscrape twitter-user TiffanyKaszuba
snscrape twitter-user zacroeill
snscrape twitter-user ZSpezakis
snscrape twitter-user AlterEliezer
snscrape twitter-user PortoFor
snscrape twitter-user FitzherbertNJ02
snscrape twitter-user ChristianForNJ
snscrape twitter-user TheDanaNJ05
snscrape twitter-user jtmush
snscrape twitter-user Novak4Congress
snscrape twitter-user JDalrympleJr
snscrape twitter-user Ghassali2020
snscrape twitter-user AndrewPachuta
snscrape twitter-user danforcongress
snscrape twitter-user hank_schroeder
snscrape twitter-user JennaforSj
snscrape twitter-user jesse4congress
snscrape twitter-user JohnPMirrione
snscrape twitter-user Cody4CongressNJ
snscrape twitter-user CongressKhaliah
snscrape twitter-user rufo4congress
snscrape twitter-user chris_9th
snscrape twitter-user NJWeedmansJoint
snscrape twitter-user andrewjperkins
snscrape twitter-user GiovanniHaqani
snscrape twitter-user NMSecOfState
snscrape twitter-user MaggieForSenate
snscrape twitter-user MickRich4Senate
snscrape twitter-user ChickCongress
snscrape twitter-user DinehBenally
snscrape twitter-user AniseMorper
snscrape twitter-user angelascool
snscrape twitter-user friendsabe
snscrape twitter-user amandapfrankel
snscrape twitter-user bobwyman
snscrape twitter-user brentsanfordnd
snscrape twitter-user BrentForDakota
snscrape twitter-user dph2020
snscrape twitter-user DelterGuin
snscrape twitter-user 2020Duane
snscrape twitter-user egriu
snscrape twitter-user EricaForNY
snscrape twitter-user CabreraCongress
snscrape twitter-user GeorgeJohnBosc1
snscrape twitter-user hollylynchny
snscrape twitter-user IroghamaNY
snscrape twitter-user i_like_dillon
snscrape twitter-user jo_annany17
snscrape twitter-user JohannaKristn7
snscrape twitter-user ortizfornewyork
snscrape twitter-user JVelazquezNYC
snscrape twitter-user JoshForNY
snscrape twitter-user marleneforthebx
snscrape twitter-user DarrigoMelanie
snscrape twitter-user melodiekbaker
snscrape twitter-user WeLikeMike_2020
snscrape twitter-user HabershamForUS
snscrape twitter-user rhabersham
snscrape twitter-user rileyseaburg
snscrape twitter-user Misso4Congress
snscrape twitter-user AveryPereira
snscrape twitter-user davidgokhshtein
snscrape twitter-user gokhshtein
snscrape twitter-user StevensonForNY
snscrape twitter-user FCSII
snscrape twitter-user SagerforAmerica
snscrape twitter-user bjineea
snscrape twitter-user JoeySalads
snscrape twitter-user MikeSeneyNY20
snscrape twitter-user nicklalota
snscrape twitter-user SenatorOrtt
snscrape twitter-user OrttforSenate
snscrape twitter-user ruthforcongress
snscrape twitter-user ScherieMurray
snscrape twitter-user CornwellforNY
snscrape twitter-user SteveRaiser
snscrape twitter-user jaysanchezdorta
snscrape twitter-user MrDunes
snscrape twitter-user lalforcongress
snscrape twitter-user danNY2Ross
snscrape twitter-user JeanneNigro
snscrape twitter-user MiguelCongress
snscrape twitter-user macruari
snscrape twitter-user EvaLee4NC
snscrape twitter-user mbsk41
snscrape twitter-user tucker4ussenate
snscrape twitter-user ElectSharonHuds
snscrape twitter-user AFlynnforNC
snscrape twitter-user sobie2020
snscrape twitter-user DeAndreCarterNC
snscrape twitter-user edhanes4nc
snscrape twitter-user Cano4NC
snscrape twitter-user jasonpbutler
snscrape twitter-user JeanneSupin
snscrape twitter-user keithcradlephd
snscrape twitter-user oshea4congress
snscrape twitter-user cooperfornc
snscrape twitter-user nasirshaikhshow
snscrape twitter-user pdabrosca
snscrape twitter-user R_Walters4NC10
snscrape twitter-user RalfWalters
snscrape twitter-user NC_RayGerber
snscrape twitter-user RobertPittenger
snscrape twitter-user stevierivenbark
snscrape twitter-user jenforcongress
snscrape twitter-user HillaryMueri
snscrape twitter-user ShaneHoffmanUSA
snscrape twitter-user ChrisRGibbs
snscrape twitter-user IsaacLReed
snscrape twitter-user jimconditjr
snscrape twitter-user JimConditJr
snscrape twitter-user DrKiumars
snscrape twitter-user SlemmonsForOK
snscrape twitter-user wyndibrown
snscrape twitter-user danthemancongr1
snscrape twitter-user MeridethVansant
snscrape twitter-user Sipes4Congress
snscrape twitter-user WrightDistrict3
snscrape twitter-user RazMason
snscrape twitter-user artforcongress
snscrape twitter-user Alex4Oregon
snscrape twitter-user kogwonton
snscrape twitter-user CongressEd
snscrape twitter-user RawFlyer
snscrape twitter-user votewachspress
snscrape twitter-user Edward_Pa16
snscrape twitter-user jojoforcongress
snscrape twitter-user JudiforCongress
snscrape twitter-user vote4lanni
snscrape twitter-user Realrrjenkins
snscrape twitter-user Salem4Congress
snscrape twitter-user BobbyJeffriesPA
snscrape twitter-user ThomsenForPA
snscrape twitter-user brianlthomsen
snscrape twitter-user Torres4cong
snscrape twitter-user billie4congress
snscrape twitter-user billie4congress
snscrape twitter-user mattconnolly1
snscrape twitter-user ScottTimkoPA
snscrape twitter-user gloria4ussenate
snscrape twitter-user JustinWootonSC
snscrape twitter-user WillStone2020
snscrape twitter-user peggy_kandies
snscrape twitter-user WeikleforSenate
snscrape twitter-user KDunham4Peace
snscrape twitter-user NathanielSC2020
snscrape twitter-user ram4scsenate
snscrape twitter-user VoteSinha
snscrape twitter-user LarryGuyHammond
snscrape twitter-user Mr_Maga1776
snscrape twitter-user covert4congress
snscrape twitter-user Jorgensen4POTUS
snscrape twitter-user hart4ussenate
snscrape twitter-user claraha74184453
snscrape twitter-user Raver4Congress
snscrape twitter-user dianafortn
snscrape twitter-user schustercampai1
snscrape twitter-user JohnnyJJPresley
snscrape twitter-user CrimUSSenate
snscrape twitter-user LarryCrim
snscrape twitter-user stokesnfriends
snscrape twitter-user 2020AaronJames
snscrape twitter-user henley215
snscrape twitter-user The901Strong
snscrape twitter-user The901King
snscrape twitter-user JacobkAnders
snscrape twitter-user brotherjones_
snscrape twitter-user meredith_2020
snscrape twitter-user ChanceAtHome
snscrape twitter-user 2020Williams
snscrape twitter-user Nicholefor2020
snscrape twitter-user todd4house
snscrape twitter-user hysell2020
snscrape twitter-user JonDillard_TN8
snscrape twitter-user SteveHolder_
snscrape twitter-user LoveForTX
snscrape twitter-user dbcgreentx
snscrape twitter-user Wes_Benedict
snscrape twitter-user Woolum4TX
snscrape twitter-user ChrisFe01041638
snscrape twitter-user donovan4us
snscrape twitter-user thefutured30
snscrape twitter-user Landin4TX31
snscrape twitter-user lizwahl
snscrape twitter-user LorieB4Congress
snscrape twitter-user Satyrnine
snscrape twitter-user WillFisherTX
snscrape twitter-user clintmorgantx
snscrape twitter-user FeliciaForTX
snscrape twitter-user harrisfkyle
snscrape twitter-user coachbohlin
snscrape twitter-user KeliforCongress
snscrape twitter-user KeliGChevalier
snscrape twitter-user KristenRowin
snscrape twitter-user tx_preston
snscrape twitter-user LaurieGodfreyM1
snscrape twitter-user McArthur4TX13
snscrape twitter-user truly4congress
snscrape twitter-user Helms2020
snscrape twitter-user RogerBarone
snscrape twitter-user RossSchumann
snscrape twitter-user VoteSchell
snscrape twitter-user schellh1
snscrape twitter-user ortatko
snscrape twitter-user TaniaBurgessTX
snscrape twitter-user vancewboyd
snscrape twitter-user LibertyBeks
snscrape twitter-user ElectMowrey
snscrape twitter-user HalRidleyJr
snscrape twitter-user ministerjWb
snscrape twitter-user JoeBurnes
snscrape twitter-user Sosa4Congress
snscrape twitter-user PieRatKing
snscrape twitter-user LouAntonelli
snscrape twitter-user MelanieABlackf1
snscrape twitter-user Melanie51651801
snscrape twitter-user royeriksen10
snscrape twitter-user WaceyCody
snscrape twitter-user jmata146
snscrape twitter-user JayLeads
snscrape twitter-user JeremyJBravo
snscrape twitter-user themichaelfelts
snscrape twitter-user olisbahari
snscrape twitter-user stevekuzmich
snscrape twitter-user steventsanders
snscrape twitter-user duncanvince23
snscrape twitter-user jolin4congress
snscrape twitter-user randyincongress
snscrape twitter-user CoryGreen14
snscrape twitter-user danhemmert
snscrape twitter-user jonnyricola
snscrape twitter-user drjoeqjarvis
snscrape twitter-user rfugal
snscrape twitter-user ElectHorne
snscrape twitter-user marciahrn
snscrape twitter-user MiriamBerry3
snscrape twitter-user ChrisHelali
snscrape twitter-user OmariFaulkner
snscrape twitter-user acriticalmass
snscrape twitter-user kevin4virginia
snscrape twitter-user KimDaughertyVA
snscrape twitter-user CraigEnnis12
snscrape twitter-user LizStone4VA
snscrape twitter-user Heerak4Congress
snscrape twitter-user spivey4congress
snscrape twitter-user mikesavesrichmond
snscrape twitter-user MajorMikeWebb1
snscrape twitter-user fixcongress2020
snscrape twitter-user godston6
snscrape twitter-user porter4us
snscrape twitter-user AaronJLuciani
snscrape twitter-user karoberts3va
snscrape twitter-user Brian4CongrRep
snscrape twitter-user Carrie4Congress
snscrape twitter-user ilonummi
snscrape twitter-user robchase18
snscrape twitter-user rudy_atencio
snscrape twitter-user TracyJusticeWr1
snscrape twitter-user cooper_congress
snscrape twitter-user CongressCorey
snscrape twitter-user toddforthe10th
snscrape twitter-user Cosner4Congress
snscrape twitter-user AIWashburn
snscrape twitter-user ForCunningham
snscrape twitter-user JustinBonner95
snscrape twitter-user Vote4Zimmerman
snscrape twitter-user Cook4USHouse
snscrape twitter-user Jeff36982230
